NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of TIPS in the treatment of hepatorenal syndrome. The current literature is limited to small case series and case reports. A systematic review of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological interventions to reduce pain during endotracheal suctioning in preterm infants.
SUPPORTED. Tranexamic acid is effective in reducing blood loss during hip or knee replacement surgery. Tranexamic acid is a safe and effective antifibrinolytic agent that can reduce perioperative
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Testosterone replacement therapy improves sexual dysfunction in men. Testosterone replacement therapy is effective in the treatment of sexual dysfunction in men with hypogonadism. Testosterone
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychological interventions in improving health outcomes in children with asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of alpha-lipoic acid for the treatment of diabetic peripheral neuropathy. The evidence is insufficient due to the lack
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral cholera vaccines are effective and safe for preventing cholera in children and adults. The oral cholera vaccines are safe and effective in children and adults. The vaccine
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that behavioral-change interventions increased seat belt use in 10 out of 10 studies .
SUPPORTED. Mindfulness-enhanced parent training programmes improve the psychosocial functioning of children and their parents. Mindfulness-based interventions have been shown to be effective in reducing parental stress and increasing positive parenting
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research comparing the effectiveness of retrograde distal access with conventional femoral access for below the knee angioplasty. Therefore, it is not possible to answer this question based
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Electronic cigarettes can help people quit smoking tobacco.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Carpal tunnel release surgery is more effective than non-surgical treatment for carpal tunnel syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 10 studies with 488 participants found that there was no significant difference in the number of cocaine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of community-wide interventions in preventing falls in older adults. However, there is evidence that individual-level interventions can reduce the risk of falls
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Ibuprofen is effective for managing acute postoperative pain in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of individualising the FSH dose based on ovarian reserve markers in women undergoing IVF/ICSI. The current evidence is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The answer depends on the specific question and the type of observational studies. For example, if the question is about the effect of a specific drug
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The evidence suggests that the use of interferon beta-1a (IFNB-1a) reduces the frequency of relapses more effectively than placebo or other treatments for rel
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the position used during lumbar puncture in newborns affects the success rate of the procedure. The success rate of lumbar puncture in
REFUTED. The current evidence does not support the use of cranberry juice for treating urinary tract infections .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of medically assisted hydration in adults receiving palliative care. The current research has not been able to provide clear evidence on the benefits
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Motivational interviewing is a counseling method that aims to help people explore and resolve their ambivalence about changing their behavior, such as substance use. It has been shown to be effective in reducing substance use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence for or against the use of enzyme replacement therapy in people with late-onset Pompe disease. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Diclofenac is effective for managing acute postoperative pain in children. Diclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (N
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Lamotrigine is effective in reducing seizures for people with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. The efficacy of lamotrigine in reducing seizures is comparable
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that reducing anticholinergic medications improves cognitive outcomes in older adults. The current research has shown mixed results regarding the association between antich
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2014  included 11 studies (10 observational studies and 1 random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is a trend towards minimally invasive aortic valve replacement. The minimally invasive approach is performed through
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in combination with a long-acting beta-2 agonist (LABA) or long-acting muscarin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of intervention strategies to improve childhood immunisation coverage in low- and middle-income countries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in the prevention of postherpetic neuralgia. The use of corticosteroids in the treatment of herpes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of automated oxygen delivery systems in preterm infants. The use of automated oxygen delivery systems in preterm infants is not recommended.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic of immunotherapies for multiple sclerosis and their impact on the occurrence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to identify strategies to increase responses to postal and electronic questionnaires. However, there are some strategies that have been shown to increase response rates to postal and electronic
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Nirmatrelvir/ritonavir is an antiviral drug that has been approved for the treatment of COVID-19. It is a protease inhibitor that works by
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Statins reduce cardiovascular events in adults with chronic kidney disease not requiring dialysis. The 2017 ACC/AHA guidelines recommend statin therapy for adults with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Red flags are symptoms and signs that suggest the presence of a serious medical condition. They are used to identify patients who require further evaluation or treatment. In the context of low back pain, red flags
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral dextrose gel to prevent hypoglycaemia in at-risk newborns. The current evidence is limited to a
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Antidepressants and benzodiazepines are effective treatments for panic disorder. Antidepressants are the first-line treatment for panic disorder. Benzodiazepines are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al.  compared the outcomes of mesh and non-mesh repairs for emergency inguinal hernia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that understanding the experiences of women and healthcare providers improves the management of postpartum haemorrhage. However, there is evidence that understanding
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of stem cell-based interventions for treating stroke in newborn infants is still in the early stages of clinical trials.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The Confusion Assessment Method for the ICU (CAM-ICU) is a validated tool for the diagnosis of delirium in the ICU. It is a 4-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . CFTR correctors have been shown to improve lung function, reduce pulmonary exacerbations, and improve quality of life in patients with cystic fibrosis .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Infliximab is effective for inducing remission in Crohn's disease. Infliximab is a TNF-α antagonist that has been shown to be effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of early tracheostomy in critically ill COVID-19 patients. The timing of tracheostomy is a matter of clinical judgment and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium channel blockers in the treatment of heart problems caused by iron overload in people with beta-thalassaemia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Artificial intelligence has been shown to be able to detect keratoconus in patients with refractive errors. However, the accuracy of artificial intelligence in detecting keratoconus is not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. The use of e-cigarettes by children and adolescents is a growing concern. However, there is currently no evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is a psychological treatment that helps people to identify and change negative patterns of thinking, behaviour and emotions. It has been shown to be effective in reducing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any antibiotic over penicillin for treating streptococcal throat infections.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics for children with acute otitis media. The decision to use antibiotics should be based on the child's symptoms and
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Interventions to improve health literacy in migrants have been shown to be effective in improving health literacy in migrants .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support the effectiveness of percutaneous nephrolithotomy compared to retrograde intrarenal surgery for treating kidney stones. However, both procedures are effective
SUPPORTED. Cranberry products are effective in preventing UTIs in certain populations. Cranberry products are effective in preventing UTIs in children, pregnant women, postmenopausal women, and women with recur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of any specific nebuliser system in
SUPPORTED. Surgical treatment is more effective than conservative treatment for displaced intra-articular calcaneal fractures .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of PDE5 inhibitors for the treatment of Raynaud's phenomenon. However, there is some evidence that sildenafil may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that higher protein intake in infant formula benefits healthy, formula-fed infants. The current recommendations for protein intake in infant formula are 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant therapy in adults with chronic kidney disease. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials in adults with chronic kidney disease
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The HINTS examination is a clinical bedside examination that can be used to identify the cause of acute vestibular syndrome. The HINTS examination consists of two parts: HINT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of methylxanthines for the treatment of apnea in preterm infants. The use of methylxanthines for the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness of single-incision sling procedures for treating urinary
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  compared the effects of home-based and centre-based cardiac rehabilitation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2019  included 11 studies and found no significant difference in the incidence of post
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The use of rapid tests to guide surfactant treatment in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome has not been extensively studied. There is currently insufficient evidence to determine whether
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Doxapram is a respiratory stimulant that has been used to treat apnea in preterm infants. Several studies have shown that doxapram is effective in reducing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing phenobarbital with levetiracetam for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of mental health promotion interventions delivered by primary workers in low- and middle-income countries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of organ protection interventions targeting the innate immune response in patients undergoing cardiac surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of synbiotics, prebiotics, or probiotics in people with chronic kidney disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the position used during lumbar puncture in newborns affects the success rate and safety of the procedure. The current literature has not provided sufficient evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral antibiotics in the treatment of otitis media with effusion in children. The Cochrane systematic review of 10 randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of immunoglobulins in children hospitalized with RSV infections. A Cochrane review in 2018 included
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic of anticoagulant therapy for acute intracerebral haemorrh
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The treatments for alopecia areata include corticosteroids, immunotherapy, phototherapy, and surgical methods.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Adenoidectomy is not recommended for the treatment of otitis media with effusion unless there is evidence of chronic aden
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effect of higher sodium supplementation in preterm infants on their health outcomes. The current research has shown that the effect of higher sod
SUPPORTED. Child growth monitoring and promotion is effective in improving health outcomes for children under five in low- and middle-income countries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at improving polypharmacy in older people. The results of the systematic review by Bhandari et al. (20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of Cerebrolysin for treating acute ischaemic stroke. However,
SUPPORTED. Tighter glycaemic control in pregnant women with gestational diabetes improves health outcomes for mothers and infants .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether one magnesium sulphate regimen is more effective than another for women with pre-eclampsia or eclamps
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Immune checkpoint inhibitors improve survival compared to chemotherapy for advanced bladder cancer. The KEYNOTE-361 trial showed that pembrolizumab improved overall survival
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Effective communication approaches are important for promoting adherence to physical distancing measures during a pandemic.
SUPPORTED. Erector spinae plane block reduces postoperative pain compared to no block or placebo .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Bladder training is effective for treating overactive bladder in adults . Bladder training is a behavioral treatment that involves advising patients to drink more water, restricting fluids, limiting caffe
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Psychosocial interventions improve mental health for survivors of rape, sexual assault, or sexual abuse. Psychosocial interventions include cognitive-behavioral therapy, psychodynamic therapy,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence on the specific views of children with chronic non-cancer pain and their families on pain management and services. However, there are some studies that have explored the views of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  compared caffeine with other methylxanthines for the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychological interventions can help reduce depression in adults with congenital heart disease .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  compared nasal prongs, nasal cannula, face
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Vaccination is effective in preventing herpes zoster in older adults. The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) recommends the use of the herpes z
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The role of vitamin D in the pathogenesis of IBD is not clear. Some studies have shown that vitamin D
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of IVF over other fertility treatments in terms of pregnancy outcomes. The choice of treatment should be based on the individual circumstances of the couple and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prebiotics in people with cystic fibrosis. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of prebiotics in people
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. ECMO improves survival rates in critically ill adults compared to conventional support. The Extracorporeal Life Support Organization (ELSO) registry data showed that the survival rate of patients treated with ECMO
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (dose-dependent manner) Pravastatin is a commonly used statin for the treatment of hypercholesterolemia. It has been shown to effectively lower LDL cholesterol levels
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ovulation prediction methods for timing intercourse to improve the chances of conception in couples trying to conceive. However, there is some evidence that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cryotherapy after total knee replacement surgery. Cryotherapy is a common practice after total knee replacement surgery, but there is insufficient evidence to support its
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant vitamin and mineral supplements to slow the progression of age-related macular degeneration. The Age-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there are ongoing clinical trials to address this question. The results of these trials are expected to be published in the near future.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). E-cigarettes and pharmacotherapies are effective in helping people quit smoking tobacco. The use of e-cigarettes and nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that adapting shift work schedules improves sleep quality and reduces sleepiness among shift workers. However, there is evidence that shift work is associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that platinum-based chemotherapy improves long-term outcomes in early triple-negative breast cancer. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the hypothesis that pl
SUPPORTED. (cell salvage reduces the need for blood transfusions in elective surgery). Cell salvage is a technique that recovers the patient's own blood during surgery and reinfuses it back into the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There are several prognostic models for predicting disease progression in multiple sclerosis, but their accuracy and reliability have not been fully validated in large-scale clinical trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Search filters are designed to retrieve systematic reviews from medical databases. However, there is insufficient evidence on the effectiveness of search filters for retrieving reports of systematic reviews in medical databases.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of music and vocal interventions to improve health outcomes for preterm infants compared to standard care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fortifying condiments and seasonings with iron to reduce anaemia in the general population. The current evidence is limited to a single study
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. However, there are some studies that have investigated the factors that influence the decision to participate in vaccine trials. These studies have found that personal factors such
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to reduce fatigue in people receiving dialysis. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that routine follow-up improves survival in women with ovarian cancer after treatment. However, there is evidence that routine follow-up can lead
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in reducing the use of antipsychotic medications in care home residents. A systematic review by Kishimoto et
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Prenatal exposure to anti-seizure medications increases the risk of major congenital malformations in children. The risk is dose-dependent and varies depending on the type of medication
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Exercise therapy is effective in reducing pain and improving function in adults with acute non-specific low back pain compared to no treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that lay health workers can effectively identify and treat wasting in young children compared to health professionals. However, there is evidence that lay health workers can be
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence) . Remotely-delivered psychological therapies are effective in managing chronic pain in adults. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that breastfeeding or supplemental breast milk help reduce pain in neonates during procedures.
EFFECTIVE: Yes, vaginal hysterectomy is more effective than abdominal hysterectomy for women with benign gynaecological conditions.SAFER: Yes, vaginal hysterect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of steroid implants for the treatment of chronic non-infectious uveitis is not well established. The eff
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacological treatments for the management of symptoms of gastro-oesophageal reflux in infants and children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of hormone therapy on sexual function in perimenopausal and postmenopausal women is still controversial. Some
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Red flags are symptoms and signs that indicate a serious underlying cause of low back pain. They are used to identify patients who require further evaluation and management. However, there is no evidence that red flags
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Healthy eating interventions in early childhood education settings improve children's dietary intake.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The use of a LABA or LAMA in combination with medium-dose ICS is more effective than increasing the dose of ICS for asthma control. The use of a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical repellents in reducing malaria infection in populations living in endemic areas.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of paracetamol or NSAIDs for pain relief in children with acute otitis media. The use of antibiotics is recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of blue-light filtering lenses to improve visual performance, macular protection, or sleep quality in adults. The current evidence is conflicting and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic anticoagulants in non-hospitalised people with COVID-19. However, there is evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kwong et al. 2018 1 showed that there is no significant difference in the inc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has shown that ICSI is more effective than c-IVF for couples with male factor infertility. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the use of clobetasol propionate cream for the treatment of bullous pemph
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Implementation interventions improve adherence to evidence-based recommendations in acute stroke units.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacological interventions for pain and sedation management to prevent GMH-IVH in ventilated preterm infants. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are some studies that have been conducted on this topic. A randomized controlled trial was conducted to compare the efficacy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fibrin-based haemostatic agents to reduce blood loss during liver surgery. The use of fibrin-based agents in liver
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review by Liu et al. (2019)  included 12 studies with 616 participants and found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The inverted internal limiting membrane flap technique is a relatively new technique for treating large macular holes. Currently, there are
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of high flow nasal cannula oxygen therapy in term infants is a relatively new practice and there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of prostaglandins in liver transplantation is not supported by the current clinical research. However, there is a lack of clinical research on the use of prostaglandins in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Vocabulary instruction has been shown to improve vocabulary knowledge in young learners (e.g., [1, 2]). In addition, vocabulary instruction has been shown to improve other
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that ePTFE-covered stents provide better outcomes than bare stents in TIPS for liver cirrhosis. The choice of stent type should be based on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy (ESWL) is a noninvasive treatment option for kidney stones. However, it is less effective for large
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that intensive glycaemic control improves outcomes for people with diabetes undergoing surgery.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of combined oral contraceptive pills (COCs) is effective for managing painful menstrual cramps. The mechanism of action of COCs in the treatment of dys
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The type of nephrolithotomy technique used does not affect patient outcomes after kidney stone removal. However, the choice of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of physical restraints in long-term care settings has been associated with negative outcomes for older adults, including increased risk of falls, pressure ulcers, and mortality. Interventions aimed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of hyaluronic acid in chronic wounds. However, there is some evidence that it may be beneficial in acute wounds.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether NIPPV reduces the need for additional ventilatory support compared to NCPAP in preterm infants after extubation. A systematic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of sacral colpopexy over other surgical interventions for apical vaginal prolapse. A recent systematic review and meta-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics to reduce the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or low birth weight infants. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that amyloid fibrin(ogen) particles contribute to the symptoms of post-COVID-19 condition.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is effective in reducing aggressive behavior in people with schizophrenia. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 12 randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of antiplatelet agents in COVID-19 is still controversial. Some studies have suggested that antiplatelet agents
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is effective in preventing and treating apnoea of prematurity in preterm infants. CPAP is a non-invasive resp
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Duplex ultrasound is effective for monitoring lower limb revascularisation in patients with peripheral arterial disease .
RIFUTED. Rifaximin is not effective in preventing or treating overt HE. The European Association for the Study of the Liver (EASL) Clinical Practice Guidelines on the management of HE in cirrh
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend ACE inhibitors or ARBs for the management of early chronic kidney disease in patients with diabetes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The use of NIPPV in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome is still controversial. Some studies have shown that early use of NIPPV can reduce the risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at improving adherence to airway clearance treatment and exercise therapy in cystic fibrosis patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that tourniquets improve outcomes for patients undergoing major lower limb amputation due to peripheral arterial disease. However, there is insufficient evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of statins in women with PCOS who are not trying to conceive. The current evidence is limited to observational studies and case reports.
SUPPORTED. (induction) Vedolizumab is effective for inducing remission in Crohn's disease compared to placebo. (maintenance) Vedolizumab is effective for maintaining rem
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of mobile phone-based interventions to improve contraception use. However, there is evidence that mobile phone-based interventions can improve other health
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The timing of catheter removal after kidney transplant is not well defined in the literature. The current literature is limited to
SUPPORTED. Physical activity is effective in reducing chronic musculoskeletal pain in children and adolescents. Physical activity can reduce pain and improve physical function in children and adolescents with chronic musculoskelet
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of diuretics as first-line antihypertensive drugs. The use of diuretics as first-line antih
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Biologic treatments are more effective than non-biological agents for moderate-to-severe psoriasis. The efficacy of biologic treatments for psoriasis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether interventions for people with type 2 diabetes fasting during Ramadan have clear benefits or harms. The current research has shown that fasting during
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) comparing platinum-based chemotherapy with non-platinum-based chemotherapy in
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based). The current evidence suggests that treatments can reduce depression after a stroke. The most effective treatments are antidepressants, psychological therapies, and exercise.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pegylated liposomal doxorubicin in women with relapsed high grade epithelial ovarian cancer.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of social network and social support interventions in improving outcomes in cardiac rehabilitation for people with heart disease.
EFFECTIVE: (yes) . Femtosecond laser-assisted cataract surgery is more effective than standard ultrasound phacoemulsification cataract surgery in terms of reduced central corneal thickness, cor
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of single-room isolation or cohorting to prevent infections in newborns in the NICU. However, there is some evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of combined oral contraceptives containing drospirenone to relieve premenstrual symptoms in women with PMS. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioids for pain management in neonates during procedures. The current literature is limited to small studies with methodological limitations. Further research is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that Serenoa repens significantly improved symptoms of
SUPPORTED. . Low glycaemic index or low glycaemic load diets lead to greater weight loss in people with overweight or obesity.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-thymocyte globulins to prevent graft-versus-host disease in patients undergoing stem cell transplantation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effect of GnRH analogues on pain in women with endometriosis is not clear. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of GnRH analog
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-surgical adjunctive interventions to speed up orthodontic treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral stimulation interventions to help preterm infants achieve oral feeding earlier. However, the current evidence is insufficient to refute the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that pentoxifylline improves outcomes in neonates with sepsis or necrotising enterocolitis. A Cochrane review in 20
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that the use of fibrin sealant did
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of gastric residual volume monitoring to reduce the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in preterm infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Early Breast Cancer Trialists' Collaborative Group (EBCTCG) conducted a meta-analysis of randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of non-Chinese herbal medicines for the treatment of functional
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulised hypertonic saline in people with cystic fibrosis. The Cochrane review on the topic found no evidence
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Non-pharmacological interventions are effective in managing acute pain in infants and children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of complement inhibitors in treating age-related macular degeneration. However, there are ongoing clinical trials to evaluate the efficacy of complement inhib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that antihistamines and gabapentinoids were effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2014 included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based) The current evidence supports the use of gabapentinoids, antidepressants, anticonvulsants, opioids, and topical lidocaine for the treatment of
SUPPORTED. Tenofovir-based antiviral combination regimens help prevent mother-to-child transmission of HBV in HIV-positive pregnant women. The EASL guidelines recommend that all HIV-
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Healthy eating interventions in early childhood education settings improve children's dietary intake.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Tranexamic acid reduces the need for blood transfusions in hip fracture surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of digital health technologies to improve exercise adherence and clinical outcomes in people with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of drug promotion policies on patient outcomes and healthcare costs. The impact of drug promotion policies on patient outcomes and healthcare costs is complex and multifaceted
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cannabis-based medicines have been used to treat pain in cancer patients. However, the evidence is insufficient to support the use of cannabis-based medicines for treating cancer pain
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological interventions have been shown to be effective in reducing psychological problems in children who have experienced sexual abuse. A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of different hand hygiene agents in preventing neonatal infections. The current research has not been able to determine the effectiveness of different hand hy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support or refute this question. However, there is evidence that G-CSF treatment is associated with an increased risk of hepatocellular carcinoma
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct comparison between LAMA+LABA and LABA+ICS. However, there are indirect comparisons between LAMA+LABA and LABA+ICS. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  compared the efficacy and safety of automated infusion of opio
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Alemtuzumab is an effective treatment for multiple sclerosis (MS) and has been approved by the FDA for the treatment of relapsing-remitting MS (RRMS) in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based medicine) . There is evidence that vinegar, baking soda, and salt can be used to neutralize the venom and reduce pain. Cold water can also be used to reduce pain
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics for early Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection in people with cystic fibrosis. The current evidence is based
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prebiotics to reduce the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or VLBW infants.
REFUTED. The REMAP-CAP trial showed that IL-6 blocking agents (tocilizumab) were not effective in treating severe COVID-19 compared to standard care or placebo . The RECOVERY
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The number of doses of PEG-asparaginase is not associated with survival in children with acute lym
SUPPORTED. Quality improvement strategies improve diabetes care .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing thrombo-aspiration and stent-retrieval throm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of lactoferrin in reducing sepsis and mortality in term neonates after gastrointestinal surgery. A systematic review
SUPPORTED. Negative pressure wound therapy is effective for treating pressure ulcers in adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (obesity is an important factor that affects the severity and mortality of COVID-19) Obesity is a risk factor for severe COVID-19 and mortality. Obesity is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different types of retainers affect the stability of teeth after orthodontic treatment. The current research has not been able to prove the effectiveness of different types
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of case management in improving outcomes for older people living with frailty. A systematic review by Kovacs et al. 2018
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Therapeutic hypothermia is associated with improved neurological outcomes in patients who have survived cardiac arrest.
SUPPORTED. Exercise improves health outcomes for adults after liver transplantation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of balanced intravenous solutions over 0.9% saline for rehydrating children with severe dehydration due to diarrho
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the association between hormonal contraception use and the risk of thromboembolism in women with COVID-19.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of videolaryngoscopy in neonates. A systematic review by Kang et al.  found that there was no significant difference in
SUPPORTED. There is evidence that stress-reduction interventions for healthcare workers help reduce stress symptoms. A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that stress-reduction interventions,
REFUTED. Convalescent plasma transfusion does not reduce mortality in patients with COVID-19. The WHO recommends against the use of convalescent plasma in COVID-19 patients outside of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 10 studies with 1,000 patients showed that prehabilitation improved physical function, but the
REFUTED. Anticholinergic drugs are not effective in the treatment of overactive bladder. Anticholinergic drugs are effective in the treatment of idiopathic overactive bladder but
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that antidepressants were effective in treating chronic pain in adults
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no research on this topic. However, it is known that relatives of patients who have experienced a cardiac arrest are at risk of developing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effects of osteoporosis treatments on bone mineral density
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial and pharmacological interventions in reducing harmful alcohol use in low- and middle-income countries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Transcutaneous bilirubin measurement is a non-invasive method for detecting hyperbilirubinaemia in newborns. However, there is insufficient evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. First-line therapies for advanced renal cell carcinoma are effective in improving patient outcomes. The first-line therapies for advanced renal cell carcinoma include tyrosine kinase inhibitors (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no research on the effectiveness of interventions for parents with CPTSD symptoms on their parenting capacity and wellbeing. However, there is evidence that interventions for parents with PTSD
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of conventional chest physiotherapy over alternative airway clearance techniques for people with cystic fibrosis.
SUPPORTED. Nasal high flow therapy provides better respiratory support for preterm infants compared to other non-invasive methods. The use of nasal high flow therapy has been shown to reduce the need for int
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different antiseptic solutions effectively prevent infections in neonates with central venous catheters. The Cochrane review by Kaur et al
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of nicotine receptor partial agonists, such as varenicline and bupropion, has been shown to increase the likelihood of quitting smoking compared to place
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of telehealth communication technologies in the management of inflammatory bowel disease. However, there is evidence that telehealth communication technologies can be used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that interferon-based treatment improves survival in dialysis patients with hepatitis C. However, there is insufficient evidence to determine whether direct-acting ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) is a treatment option for recurrent Clostridioides difficile infection (rCDI) in healthy individuals. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Structured exercise is beneficial for adults with systemic lupus erythematosus compared to usual care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that training health workers in low- and middle-income countries improves early detection of breast cancer. However, there is evidence that training health workers
REFUTED. Conservative interventions do not help manage urinary incontinence after prostate surgery. The current evidence suggests that conservative interventions such as pelvic floor muscle training (PFMT) and biofeedback are not
SUPPORTED. Cranberry products are effective in preventing UTIs in certain populations. Cranberry products are effective in preventing UTIs in children, pregnant women, postmenopausal women, and women with recur
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Perampanel is effective as add-on therapy for drug-resistant focal epilepsy. Perampanel is a novel antiepileptic drug that is effective as adjunct
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current study showed that the effect of PUFA supplementation on ADHD symptoms in children and adolescents is controversial.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The efficacy and safety of DOACs and conventional anticoagulants for treating deep vein thrombosis are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct evidence comparing the efficacy and safety of oral direct thrombin inhibitors and oral factor Xa inhibitors with conventional anticoagulants for long-term treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct evidence from randomized controlled trials comparing general anesthesia and loco-regional anesthesia for endovascular aortic aneurysm repair.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of airway clearance techniques for people with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether pharmacological interventions are effective in relieving acute attacks of vestibular migr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of non-pharmacological treatments for preventing vestibular migraine.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The patent ductus arteriosus (PDA) is a common complication in preterm infants. The PDA is a vascular structure that connects the aorta
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioids for pain management in neonates during procedures. The current literature is limited to small studies with methodological limitations. Further research is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The McKenzie method is a physical therapy approach that focuses on the assessment and treatment of low back pain. The method involves a series of tests and assessments to determine the location and cause of
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence). The current evidence suggests that pharmacological interventions are effective in reducing pain intensity in adults with non-specific low back pain. However, the evidence is insufficient to determine the effectiveness
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulised hypertonic saline solution in infants with acute bronchiolitis. A Cochrane systematic review published in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-opioid analgesics to reduce procedural pain in neonates. The current evidence is limited to a few studies with small
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Anti-VEGF medications are not currently recommended for the treatment of neovascular glaucoma. However, further research is needed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2017 included 11 RCTs with 1002 inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Antidepressants are effective for treating depressive symptoms in adults with cancer. Antidepressants are effective in treating depressive symptoms in adults with cancer, but the evidence is limited to short
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Cash transfer social protection interventions have been shown to have positive effects on the health and well-being of recipients. A systematic review of 11 studies found that cash transfer interventions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether adding breast ultrasonography to mammography improves breast cancer detection in women at average risk. The current evidence is conflicting.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to compare the effectiveness and safety of mechanical methods for inducing labor with pharmacological methods. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of zinc supplementation to prevent illness or promote growth in children. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends zinc supplementation for children
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychological interventions to improve adherence to inhaled therapies in people with cystic fibrosis. A systematic review by B
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that controlling blood pressure helps prevent diabetic retinopathy in diabetics.
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: Skin-sparing mastectomy is effective and safe for treating breast cancer . Skin-sparing mastectomy is a surgical procedure that removes the breast tissue, including
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Inhaled corticosteroids reduce exacerbation rates in people with stable COPD compared to placebo. The Cochrane review of 2018 included 2
SUPPORTED. Methylphenidate is effective in reducing the symptoms of ADHD in children and adolescents .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that weight-loss interventions did not improve survival
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. . Anti-VEGF treatments have been shown to improve vision in patients with proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review by Kwak et al. (2019)  examined the effects of music therapy on the quality of life of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether postnatal administration of phenobarbital reduces the risk of intraventricular hemorrhage in preterm infants. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is limited evidence on the impact of formal partnerships between consumers and health providers on health service planning and delivery. The available evidence is mostly from high-income countries and suggests that formal partnership
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that therapeutics are effective for treating mpox in humans. The antiviral tecovirimat (TPOXX/ST-246) is approved by the
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Botulinum toxin is an effective treatment for strabismus. Botulinum toxin is a safe and effective treatment for strabismus. It is a non-surg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether class I and III antiarrhythmic drugs help maintain sinus rhythm after catheter ablation for atrial fibrillation. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific corticosteroid treatment regimen in very low birth weight infants. The optimal corticosteroid treatment regimen for very low
SUPPORTED. Exercise provides benefits for adults with cancer receiving radiation therapy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic included 11 RCTs with 1146 participants and concluded that there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of medical interventions in managing traumatic hyphema. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of device-modified trabeculectomy techniques in glaucoma patients compared to standard trabeculectomy. The current evidence is limited
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
RATIONALE: The efficacy of laser peripheral iridotomy (LPI) in preventing recurrent acute primary angle closure (APAC) has been well established. However, the efficacy of lens extraction
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of induction of labor for suspected fetal macrosomia to reduce the risk of birth complications. The decision to induce labor should be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The optimal radiation dose for prostate cancer treatment is still under investigation. However, the current evidence suggests that increasing the radiation dose may not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The available studies have not been able to show any significant differences in the risks of planned hospital birth compared to planned home birth for low-
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Parathyroidectomy provides significant benefits for adults with asymptomatic primary hyperparathyroidism compared to observation or medical therapy. The benefits of parathyroidectomy include
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The effectiveness of spinal cord stimulation for low back pain is still under investigation. The current evidence is insufficient to support the long-term effectiveness of spinal cord stimulation for low back
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to improve adherence to iron chelation therapy in people with sickle cell disease or thalassaemia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of active placebo is not common in drug trials. The use of active placebo is more common in behavioral and psychological interventions. In drug trials, the use of active place
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of systemic opioid analgesics for neonates who have undergone surgery. The use of systemic opioid analges
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ataluren is a protein synthesis restorer that has been approved for use in Europe for people with cystic fibrosis who have class I mutations. However, there is currently
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ultrasound therapy is not a standard treatment for acute fractures in adults. However, it can be used as an adjunctive therapy to reduce pain and swelling and promote healing.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis. However, there is some evidence that trunk training after a stroke can
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Pharmacological treatment with continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is effective for central sleep apnoea in adults. The use of CPAP is the first-line treatment for central
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the use of corticosteroids or antiplatelet agents to prevent kidney disease in children with IgA vasculitis. The use of cort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of splinting in the treatment of carpal tunnel syndrome. However, splinting may be useful in the early stages of the disease to reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of lifestyle and dietary changes to reduce symptoms in people with Ménière's disease.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intratympanic corticosteroids are effective in reducing vertigo attacks and improving quality of life in patients with Ménière's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intratympanic aminoglycosides in the treatment of Ménière's disease. The use of intratympanic am
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The progestin-containing IUDs are not recommended for emergency contraception.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of surgical interventions for the treatment of Ménière's disease. The current research on surgical interventions for Ménière's
SUPPORTED. (Risk factors for progression of diabetic retinopathy to a more severe stage). Diabetes mellitus is a systemic disease that can affect multiple organs. The retina is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effects of different methods of informing people about their ALS diagnosis on their understanding and coping.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the technique used for PD catheter insertion affects the rate of catheter dysfunction and complications. The current literature is limited to small observ
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Myopia is a common ocular disorder in children and adolescents. It is associated with a high risk of developing ocular complications, such as retinal detachment, glau
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2019  included 10 studies (n = 1000) and found
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-fibrinolytic and haemostatic drugs to reduce bleeding and blood transfusion needs in major
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics in the treatment of functional abdominal pain in children. However, probiotics are generally considered safe and may be considered for
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESAs) is effective in treating anaemia in adults with chronic kidney disease (CKD). The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that myo-inositol supplementation during pregnancy is effective in preventing gestational diabetes in women with a high
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on stem cell-based interventions for preventing or treating GM-IVH and EoP in preterm infants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are some factors that have been identified as influencing the successful implementation of home-based rehabilitation and telerehabil
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of educational support interventions on school engagement and academic achievement in children with chronic health conditions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of combined mechanical and oral antibiotic bowel preparation in elective colorectal surgery. The Cochrane systematic review by
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cognitive behavioural interventions are effective in reducing aggressive behaviour in people with intellectual disabilities.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that vitamin D supplementation did not reduce the risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of digital technology to monitor treatment adherence in people with cystic fibrosis.
REFUTED. Convalescent plasma transfusion does not reduce mortality in patients with COVID-19. The WHO recommends against the use of convalescent plasma in COVID-19 patients outside of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that erythromycin improves outcomes for patients with upper gastrointestinal haemorrhage before endoscopy. However, there is insufficient
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Corticosteroid injection is an effective treatment for carpal tunnel syndrome. Corticosteroid injection is effective in reducing pain and improving function in patients with carpal tunnel syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for acute non-arteritic central retinal artery occlusion. The main treatment is to relieve pain and protect the eye. Laser therapy is not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of physical interventions in reducing the spread of acute respiratory viruses.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Trifocal intraocular lenses have been shown to improve vision for people with presbyopia compared to bifocal lenses. A systematic review and meta-analysis of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend antithrombotic drugs for the prevention of major adverse cardiovascular events after intracere
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The results of clinical trials are contradictory. The RECOVERY trial showed no benefit of hIVIG therapy in hospitalized patients
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The WHO/UNICEF Joint Monitoring Programme for Water and Sanitation (JMP) defines improved sanitation as a facility that effectively isolates human excreta from
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of remdesivir in patients with COVID-19. The WHO recommends against the use of remdesivir in hospitalized patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The efficacy of high-dose intravenous immunoglobulin in reducing cardiac complications in Kawasaki disease is not clear. The current evidence is ins
SUPPORTED. (surgical treatment is more effective than non-surgical treatment for patellar dislocation). Surgery is more effective than non-surgical treatment for patellar dislocation. The surg
SUPPORTED. Medication reviews for hospitalized adults improve health outcomes compared to standard care.
RISK: There is a significant risk of further unprovoked seizures after a single unprovoked epileptic seizure . The risk of further unprovoked seizures after a single unprovoked seizure is 3
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids for the treatment of cancer-related fatigue in adults with advanced cancer. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (R
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that neoadjuvant treatment improves survival outcomes in adults with stage III or IV melanoma. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute this hypothesis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of steroid implants for the treatment of chronic non-infectious uveitis is not well established. The eff
SUPPORTED. . Reducing salt intake lowers blood pressure in people with diabetes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of remote ischaemic preconditioning in major vascular surgery. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  included 11 studies with
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based treatment). There are several evidence-based treatments for infantile esotropia that improve eye alignment and binocular vision. These treatments include: (1) binocular vision therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The clinical research on the effectiveness of baclofen in the treatment of alcohol use disorder is limited and the results are inconsistent. Some studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2019  included 11 studies that evaluated the effectiveness of telerehabilitation on quality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of HbF inducers to reduce the need for blood transfusions in people with non-transfusion-dependent β-thal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is mainly focused on the comparison between open and endovascular aneurysm repair.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological interventions have been shown to improve mental health and quality of life for women with breast cancer. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCT
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Glucocorticoids are effective in treating croup in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bisphosphonates in people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence that bisphosphonates are effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fetal scalp stimulation is not recommended as a method to confirm fetal well-being during labor. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the safety and effectiveness
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The PPAR-γ agonists pioglitazone and rosiglitazone have been studied in patients with stroke
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kneipp et al. 2018  summarized the results of 11 studies on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the association between hormonal contraception use and the risk of thromboembolism in women with COVID-19.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of iridotomy in slowing the progression of visual field loss in patients with primary angle-closure glaucoma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inspiratory muscle training in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Physical exercise is beneficial for managing motor symptoms and quality of life in people with Parkinson's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological interventions to improve sleep disturbances in people with dementia. However, there is some evidence that environmental inter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of low protein diets to prevent kidney failure in patients with diabetic kidney disease. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of
REFUTED. Inhaled corticosteroids do not reduce the risk of bronchopulmonary dysplasia in preterm infants . In a systematic review and meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials showed that topical NSAIDs were effective in reducing postoperative inflamm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on the use of pharmacological interventions for the treatment of patent ductus arteriosus
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The common cold is caused by a variety of viruses, and the effectiveness of vaccines in preventing the common cold depends on the specific virus targeted by the vaccine. Currently, there are no
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2015  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of family-centred interventions in primary healthcare to improve the health and well-being of Indigenous children and their families.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that homeopathic remedies are effective in preventing or treating acute respiratory tract infections in children. The Cochrane review on this topic, which included
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that eradicating MRSA improves health outcomes for people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is also no evidence that eradicating MRSA wors
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Laser photocoagulation is a procedure that uses a low-intensity laser to seal leaking blood vessels and prevent further damage to the retina. It is commonly used to treat diab
SUPPORTED. Ultrasound guidance is more effective than the landmark method for peripheral intravenous cannulation in adults. Ultrasound guidance is associated with a higher first-attempt success rate, fewer complications
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The current research supports that COVID-19 vaccines effectively reduce the risk of symptomatic COVID-19 and severe disease. A study conducted by Polack et al.  showed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Carnitine is a nutrient that is naturally produced in the body and is also found in many foods. It plays a role in the metabolism of fats and the transport of fat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to improve health literacy in people with chronic kidney disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effectiveness of triple therapy for treating uncontrolled asthma is not clear. A study showed that the use of triple therapy was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled bronchodilators in the treatment of acute chest syndrome in sickle cell disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cervical pessaries to prevent preterm birth in women at risk for cervical insufficiency. The use of cerv
NOT ENOUGHT INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the effectiveness and safety of surgery for treating mild to moderate chronic arthropathy in people with haemophilia.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that maintaining a higher blood pressure during cardiac surgery improves patient outcomes. In fact, there is evidence that maintaining a higher blood pressure during cardiac surgery is associated with increased morbidity and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Coriolus versicolor as an adjunctive treatment to reduce adverse effects during colorectal cancer treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pre-emptive antifungal therapy in cancer patients with febrile neutropenia. A Cochrane review in 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to improve cognitive deficits in adults treated with cranial irradiation.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 RCTs with 3
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ceftriaxone is an effective treatment for enteric fever in children, but there is insufficient evidence to support its use in adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, reducing the dose of antipsychotic medication is not recommended for people with schizophrenia unless there is a clear
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 2,00
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Prothrombin complex concentrates are not recommended for routine use in patients with coagulopathy after cardiac surgery.
SUPPORTED. . Lowering blood pressure targets in people with hypertension and cardiovascular disease is beneficial for reducing mortality and morbidity.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Yoga is effective for treating chronic non-specific low back pain in adults.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Combined pars plana vitrectomy with intravitreal antibiotics is effective for treating exogenous endophthalmitis. Exogenous endophthalmitis
SUPPORTED. (The current antibody tests can detect current or past SARS-CoV-2 infection.) The current antibody tests can detect current or past SARS-CoV-2 infection. The sensitivity
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antidepressants to reduce abnormal crying after a stroke. However, antidepressants may be helpful in treating depression and anxiety that may
REFUTED. The use of systemic corticosteroids in hospitalized COVID-19 patients is not recommended. The use of systemic corticosteroids in hospitalized COVID-19 patients increases the risk of mort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al. 2019 1 found that there is no high-quality evidence to support
SUPPORTED. Electronic cigarettes can help people quit smoking tobacco.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is no high-quality evidence to support the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that oral care measures can prevent pneumonia in nursing home residents. However, there is some evidence that dental care can reduce the risk of aspiration
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based) . Pharmacological treatment is effective for people with borderline personality disorder.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether nasal masks reduce CPAP treatment failure and nasal trauma in preterm infants compared to nasal prongs.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of emollients to prevent eczema and food allergy in infants. However, there is some evidence to support the use of emoll
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of immunostimulants to reduce respiratory exacerbations in people with COPD or chronic bronchitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that long-term inhaled antibiotic therapy improves lung function in people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence that long-term in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of statins in Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome. However, there is no evidence that statins are harmful in this syndrome. Therefore,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that modifying or manipulating mosquito habitats can help control malaria.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of shared decision-making interventions in improving outcomes for people with mental health conditions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacological interventions to improve pain and sedation management in newborns undergoing therapeutic hypothermia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antifibrinolytic treatment improves outcomes for patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage. However, there is also
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that immediate postpartum insertion of contraceptive implants and IUDs improves initiation rates compared to delayed insertion. However
SUPPORTED. Breastfeeding support increases the duration and exclusivity of breastfeeding among mothers. Breastfeeding support includes the use of breast pumps, lactation consultants, and peer counselors.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend the use of non-invasive positive pressure ventilation for central sleep apnoea. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antidepressants for the treatment of knee and hip osteoarthritis. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that ant
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Topical corticosteroids are effective for treating dry eye disease . They are the most effective treatment for inflammatory dry eye disease . However, they are not recommended for long-term use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of point-of-care biomarker tests to reduce unnecessary antibiotic prescriptions for acute respiratory infections. A systematic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adjunctive therapies in combination with land-based exercise therapy for hip or knee osteoarthritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the use of TNF inhibitors in the treatment of uve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the effectiveness of splinting for the treatment of developmental dysplasia of the hip in babies under six months old. The current research evidence is insufficient to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no research on the effects of collective leadership on healthcare outcomes and staff well-being. The concept of collective leadership is relatively new and has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment for fractures of the distal femur in adults. The treatment of distal femur fractures is challenging due to the complex anatomy of the dist
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 14 studies found that psychosocial interventions can improve the mental health of survivors of sexual violence . Another systematic review of 12 studies found that psychosocial
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The relationship between periodontal disease and cardiovascular disease is complex and multifactorial. The current evidence suggests that periodont
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2019  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 7
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The answer cannot be determined based on the current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Extracorporeal photopheresis is a treatment option for acute graft-versus-host disease in children and adolescents after stem cell transplantation. However,
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Letrozole is more effective than clomiphene citrate for inducing ovulation in women with PCOS. Letrozole is a third-generation aromatase inhib
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Dexrazoxane is effective in reducing the risk of cardiotoxicity in patients receiving anthracyclines. Dexrazoxane is a chelator that binds to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support this question. A Cochrane review in 2016  showed that there was no evidence to support the use of a higher dose of in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of laser therapy for treating hypertrophic and keloid scars. However, laser therapy is a promising treatment option for hypertroph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The amount of residual disease after surgery is not a prognostic factor for survival outcomes in women with advanced ovarian
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Dry socket is a common postoperative complication of tooth extraction. The incidence of dry socket after tooth extraction is 1% to 4% . The exact pathogenesis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of appetite stimulants in cystic fibrosis patients. The use of appetite stimulants in cystic fibrosis patients is
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective in treating overactive bladder syndrome in adults .
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based treatment)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of synbiotics, prebiotics, or probiotics in solid organ transplant recipients. However, there is some evidence to
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Nirmatrelvir/ritonavir (Paxlovid®) is a combination of nirmatrelvir and ritonavir. Nirmatrelvir is a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of debulking hysterectomy followed by chemoradiotherapy compared to chemoradiotherapy alone for cervical cancer. However, the
EFFECTIVE: (yes). The current research shows that infant cataract surgery is more effective than no surgery for treating bilateral congenital cataracts in children under 2 years old. Early surgery can improve visual ac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mu-opioid antagonists to improve bowel function in people with cancer and those receiving palliative care. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, it is generally recommended to clean the wound to reduce the risk of infection. Therefore, it is better to use saline or
REFUTED. Fluvoxamine is not recommended for the treatment of COVID-19 patients. The WHO discontinued the SOLIDARITY trial in August 2020, as it did not show
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Immunosuppressant therapy is a cornerstone of transplantation success. Non-adherence to immunosuppressant therapy is associated with an increased risk of graft
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness of interventions to reduce fatigue in adults with primary
SUPPORTED. Surgery is an effective treatment for obesity in children and adolescents.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of endovascular therapy over medical treatment for spontaneous isolated dissection of the superior mesenteric artery. However, there is insufficient evidence
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs) by community health workers (CHWs) has been shown to reduce the prescription of antimalarial drugs for patients without malaria paras
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,000 participants showed that interventions aimed at improving mobility after hip fracture surgery lead to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Stiripentol is a potent inhibitor of voltage-gated sodium channels and is used as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant epilepsy. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 RCTs with 1,038 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Xpert Ultra assay is a new version of the Xpert MTB/RIF assay, which is a molecular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is currently insufficient evidence to support the use of early intervention to improve recovery from smell loss due to COVID-19.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Opioid agonist pharmacotherapy is effective for treating pharmaceutical opioid dependence.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Contrast-enhanced ultrasound is effective for diagnosing hepatocellular carcinoma in patients with chronic liver disease .
REFUTED. The use of antifungal agents in patients with allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA) and cystic fibrosis (CF) is not supported by the
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Conservative interventions are effective in treating urinary incontinence in women. Conservative interventions include pelvic floor muscle training, bladder training, biofeedback, and lifestyle modifications.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Hydroxyurea has been shown to reduce the frequency of vaso-occlusive crises, acute chest syndrome, and the need for blood transfusions in patients with sick
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of amniotic membrane transplantation for ocular surface burns in the first week after injury. However, there is evidence that amniotic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of specific maternal postures during labor to improve outcomes for women with fetal malposition.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that reducing antipsychotic polypharmacy improves safety for people with schizophrenia. In fact, the opposite is true. Antipsychotic polypharmacy is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of D-mannose in the prevention or treatment of urinary tract infections. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of any treatment for heavy menstrual bleeding or pain associated with IUD use. However, there are some case reports and case series that suggest that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Memantine is a medication that is used to treat Alzheimer's disease and is thought to be effective in treating cognitive symptoms. However, there is currently insufficient evidence to support the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of HIF stabilisers in the management of anaemia in people with chronic kidney disease. The use of HIF stabilisers
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review of 10 studies showed that interventions aimed at reducing physical restraints for older people in hospitals have a clear positive effect on the use of physical restraints, the incidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics in the prevention of acute respiratory infections. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCT
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Listening to music can improve sleep quality in adults with insomnia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of luteal phase support in infertile women. The use of luteal phase support in infertile women is not recommended by the American Society
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the association between anticholinergic burden and adverse outcomes in older adults with dementia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preprocedural mouth rinses to reduce the risk of infection for dental healthcare providers. The current evidence is limited to one randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding hysterectomy to standard treatment improves survival in women with locally advanced cervical cancer. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the hypothesis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to reduce the risk of blood clots in adults undergoing knee arthroscopy.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Pulmonary rehabilitation is effective in improving exercise performance and quality of life for adults with asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of running shoes in preventing lower-limb injuries in adult runners. The relationship between running shoes and lower-limb injuries is complex and mult
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of psychological therapies in reducing pain in people with painful temporomandibular disorders.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Tocolytic drugs are effective in delaying preterm birth. Tocolytic drugs are effective in delaying preterm birth. The most commonly used tocolytic agents are calci
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of low-sodium salt substitutes to reduce blood pressure. Although low-sodium salt substitutes were thought to be effective in reducing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that different types of corticosteroids affect the health outcomes of mothers and their infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Laser trabeculoplasty is effective in treating open-angle glaucoma. However, the evidence is insufficient to conclude that it is more effective than other treatments. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no literature on the association between immune response and long-term clinical outcomes after COVID-19 vaccination. However, there is evidence that COVID-19 vaccines are effective in
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Physical activity improves exercise capacity in people with cystic fibrosis.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Quitting smoking reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease events in people with coronary heart disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Hydrogel wound dressings are effective in treating venous leg ulcers. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that hydrogel dressings were more effective than
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Action observation therapy (AOT) is a form of therapy that involves observing the movements of a therapist performing a task and then attempting to perform the same task. AOT has been shown to
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Low-dose CT screening reduces lung cancer-related deaths. The National Lung Screening Trial (NLST) showed that low-dose CT screening reduced lung cancer mortality by
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based interventions).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled antibiotics in improving quality of life and lung function in people with cystic fibrosis during pulmonary exacer
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial on the use of autologous hematopoietic stem cell transplantation for the treatment of systemic sclerosis. The use of autolog
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antithrombotic therapy in patients with elevated blood pressure.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of school dental screening in improving children's overall oral health status.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiplatelet agents to reduce the recurrence of deep venous thrombosis when added to standard treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that simple measures of ART adherence can accurately detect non-suppressed viral load in people living with HIV. The current research has shown
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intratympanic corticosteroids have been used in the treatment of sudden sensorineural hearing loss, but the effic
SUPPORTED. Rapid antigen tests are effective for diagnosing SARS-CoV-2 infection .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that weekly paclitaxel treatment reduces side effects compared to three-weekly treatment for women with recurrent ovarian cancer. However, there is also no evidence that
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Group CBT is effective for people with schizophrenia compared to standard care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The incidence of MRONJ is low, and the risk of developing MRONJ is difficult to predict. The pathogenesis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the type of anaesthesia used during endovascular interventions affects outcomes in people with acute ischaemic stroke. The current literature is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of stimulant or non-stimulant drugs for the treatment of ADHD in individuals with epilepsy. The use of stimul
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antipsychotic medications are effective in treating catatonic symptoms in schizophrenia spectrum disorders.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of anti-IL-5 biologics (mepolizumab, reslizumab, and benralizumab) has been shown to reduce the rate
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that antithrombotic therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) is a treatment option for drug-resistant epilepsy. However, the evidence for its efficacy in focal epilepsy is
SUPPORTED. Duplex ultrasound is a non-invasive, cost-effective, and widely available method for diagnosing symptomatic carotid artery stenosis. It can accurately detect the presence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that local intramuscular transplantation of bone marrow cells is beneficial for treating critical limb ischaemia. However, there is some evidence that intram
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Interventions aimed at improving communication about end of life care have a positive effect.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled nitric oxide in treating pain crises in people with sickle cell disease. A Cochrane review published in 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Mobility training improves overall functioning and mobility in frail older people living in the community. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of glucocorticoids in women undergoing IVF or ICSI is not recommended. However, the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Certolizumab pegol is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to TNF-α. It is approved for the treatment of moderate to severe active Crohn
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is a study that showed that early spontaneous breathing trial (SB) was associated with a lower mortality rate in patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of physical activity for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome. However, physical activity is generally recommended for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al. 2019 1 showed that there was no significant difference in the recovery of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review  included 11 RCTs with 746 participants and compared the clinical outcomes of full-mouth
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of short-acting inhaled bronchodilators in the treatment of cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence that long
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. Exercise is not a substitute for traditional airway clearance techniques, but it can be used as an adjunct therapy to improve lung function and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Surgery provides better outcomes than non-surgical treatment for proximal humeral fractures . This is supported by a systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Pyronaridine-artesunate is effective for treating uncomplicated P falciparum malaria .
REFUTED. Ivermectin is not recommended for the treatment or prevention of COVID-19. The WHO stated that there is no evidence to support the use of ivermectin for COVID-19
SUPPORTED. (evidence). WASH interventions, including handwashing with soap, have been shown to reduce soil-transmitted helminth infections in children [1, 2].
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is currently insufficient evidence to support the use of SARS-CoV-2-neutralising monoclonal antibodies to prevent COVID-19 infection. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the efficacy and safety of rituximab for treating thy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, there are some studies that have evaluated the accuracy of GPs' clinical judgement for diagnosing dementia in primary
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of JAK inhibitors in patients with COVID-19. The use of JAK inhibitors in patients with COVID-19 is not recommended
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Digital interventions improve adherence to asthma treatments.
Rho kinase inhibitor treatment is effective for lowering intraocular pressure in glaucoma patients. [3, 4]
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Extracorporeal photopheresis is a treatment option for chronic GVHD in children and adolescents. However, the evidence is limited to small case series and case reports.
SUPPORTED. Oxycodone is effective and tolerated for cancer pain relief. Oxycodone is a mu-opioid receptor agonist that is effective in relieving moderate to severe pain in patients with
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based medicine: systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials).
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,000 participants with Parkinson's disease showed that multifactorial interventions can
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Fecal immunochemical testing (FIT) is more effective than guaiac-based testing for detecting advanced colorectal neoplasia. The US Pre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of body positioning to improve oxygenation in hospitalized infants and children with acute respiratory distress syndrome. The current research has not been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that LNG-IUS is the most effective first-line treatment for heavy menstrual bleeding. The efficacy of LNG-I
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of corticosteroids in the treatment of Kawasaki disease is still controversial. Some studies have shown that the use of corticosteroids can reduce the risk of coronary
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium sulfate is not recommended for the treatment of COPD exacerbations. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of magnesium sul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at educating the public in increasing the registration for deceased organ donation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of a combination of medical methods for first tr
SUPPORTED. (moderate-to-severe psoriasis) Biologic treatments are more effective than placebo for moderate-to-severe psoriasis. The efficacy of biolog
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific treatment for sialorrhea in motor neuron disease. The current evidence is limited to small, single-center studies with method
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient information to answer this question. The signs and symptoms of COVID-19 are fever, cough, shortness of breath, fatigue, muscle pain, sore
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 10 studies with 1,000 patients showed that prehabilitation improved physical function, but the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 3,995 women showed
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Prophylactic antiemetics reduce nausea and vomiting in adults receiving intravenous opioids in acute care.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Topical clonidine is effective for pain relief in adults with chronic neuropathic pain. Clonidine is an α2-adrenergic agonist that
SUPPORTED. Xpert MTB/XDR is a rapid and accurate test for diagnosing pulmonary tuberculosis and detecting drug resistance. It has a high sensitivity and specificity for detecting rifampic
SUPPORTED. Ocrelizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to CD20 on the surface of B cells and is approved for the treatment of relapsing-remitting and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  found that there was only one randomized controlled trial that compared immediate insert
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of percutaneous transluminal angioplasty with stenting over medical treatment alone for symptomatic vertebral artery st
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Physiotherapy interventions are effective for treating pain and disability in adults with complex regional pain syndrome.
SUPPORTED. Thoracic imaging is effective in diagnosing COVID-19 pneumonia. The most common CT findings in COVID-19 pneumonia are ground-glass opacities (GGOs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Tocilizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to the interleukin-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacological interventions for fetal immobilisation during surgery. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether there is a specific pain relief method that is superior for managing pain during medical abortion under 14 weeks' gestation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics before dental procedures in at-risk patients. The American Heart Association (AHA) recommends that antibiotics should not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Trans-thoracic Doppler echocardiography is not accurate enough to detect pulmonary hypertension. The right heart catheterization is the gold standard for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 13 studies found that music therapy can reduce substance craving in people with substance use disorder . However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the use of music therapy for autistic individuals.
SUPPORTED. MRI is an accurate method for diagnosing hepatocellular carcinoma in adults with chronic liver disease .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Comprehensive Geriatric Assessment is a multidimensional, multidisciplinary, and multimodal diagnostic tool used to assess the medical, psychological, functional,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kwong et al. 2019 1 found that there is a lack of high-quality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions in non-healthcare workplaces to reduce the risk of SARS-CoV-2 infection. However, some studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Cannabinoids have been shown to reduce spasticity and improve sleep in adults with multiple sclerosis. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of cannabinoids
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidants to improve fertility in subfertile men. The use of antioxidants to improve fertility in sub
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Risedronate is a bisphosphonate that has been shown to reduce the risk of vertebral, nonvertebral, and hip fractures in postmenop
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Drug insurance schemes can improve access to medicines and reduce out-of-pocket costs for patients. However, the extent of this effect may vary depending on the specific design and implementation of the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of specialized interventions for epilepsy in children and adolescents compared to usual care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,000 patients showed that there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotic supplements to prevent Hirschsprung-associated enterocolitis. However, probiotic supplements may be beneficial in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The safety of immediate sequential bilateral cataract surgery is still controversial. Some studies have shown that immediate sequential bilateral cat
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence). Psychological interventions effectively reduce depression and anxiety in people with dementia or mild cognitive impairment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effect of double-fortified salt on iron and iodine status has not been studied. However, the effect of i
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the association between periodontal treatment and glycaemic control in people with diabetes and periodontitis. The current evidence is limited by the small sample size
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of remote cognitive testing for diagnosing dementia is a promising area of research, but there is currently not enough information to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Narrow band imaging (NBI) is a relatively new technology that uses a special optical filter to enhance the visualization of superficial blood vessels. It has been suggested that NBI
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. There is no evidence from randomized controlled trials.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The control intervention can affect the estimated effectiveness of treatments for mental health disorders. For example, the control intervention can be a placebo or a sh
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of CPAP in children with acute bronchiolitis. The use of CPAP in children with acute bronchiolitis is controversial and
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Repeat doses of prenatal corticosteroids improve outcomes for infants at risk of preterm birth. The use of prenatal corticosteroids in women at risk of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Videolaryngoscopy is associated with a lower incidence of failed tracheal intubation compared to direct laryngoscopy. The incidence of failed intubation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic COX-I drugs to reduce complications in preterm infants with patent ductus arteriosus. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best treatment for thoracoabdominal aortic aneurysms. Endovascular repair is a relatively new technique that has shown promising results in recent
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the optimal treatment for catheter-related bloodstream infections in patients on maintenance haemodialysis. The current evidence is limited to small observational studies and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of one antiepileptic drug over another in patients with focal onset seizures.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of algorithm-based pain management strategies in reducing pain and challenging behavior in people with dementia in nursing homes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) of pregabalin as an adjunctive treatment for focal epilepsy was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  compared the guidewire-assisted cannulation technique with the conventional technique for end
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) There is evidence that unconditional cash transfers improve health outcomes in low- and middle-income countries. A systematic review of 12 studies found that unconditional cash trans
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The evidence is insufficient to determine whether chest radiography is effective for screening pulmonary tuberculosis in adults. The effectiveness of chest radiography for screening pulmonary tuber
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral dextrose gel is effective in treating hypoglycaemia in newborn infants . The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) recommends that oral dext
SUPPORTED. Vitamin A supplementation reduces illness and death in young children .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Perioperative ERAS programmes are associated with a shorter length of hospital stay, lower complication rates, and lower readmission rates in patients with gynaecological cancer undergoing surgery
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: Brivaracetam is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant epilepsy . Brivaracetam is a new antiepileptic drug that is structurally
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Topical corticosteroids are effective for treating eczema.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Stevens-Johnson syndrome and toxic epidermal necrolysis are rare, severe mucocutaneous drug reactions. The pathogenesis of these conditions is not fully understood. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of point-of-care tests in detecting high viral load levels in people living with HIV.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of inhaled corticosteroids in the treatment of COVID-19. The use of inhaled corticosteroids in the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that changes to the physical environment in residential aged care improve the quality of life for older people. The physical environment in residential aged care includes the physical layout
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether routine vaginal examinations are effective for assessing labour progress compared to other methods. The Cochrane review on this topic found that there is a lack
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anticoagulants in hospitalized patients with COVID-19. However, there is evidence to support the use of anticoagul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that changing the body position of neonates during phototherapy helps reduce bilirubin levels. The current literature is not conclusive on this matter
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of medications is supported to reduce PTSD symptoms in adults.
SUPPORTED. (DNA-based techniques are effective for detecting 1p/19q codeletion in gliomas.)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of synbiotics for the prevention of NEC in preterm infants. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether synbiot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of immunosuppressive treatments for adults with FSGS. The use of immunosuppressive treatments for FSGS is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiplatelet agents in people with chronic kidney disease. The use of antiplatelet agents in people with chronic kidney disease is
SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that gluten-reduced or gluten-free diet has any effect on cardiovascular diseases in the general population. The only study that investigated the effect of gluten
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of structured discharge plans in reducing hospital readmissions. However, there is evidence that discharge planning is effective in reducing hospital readmissions.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Transient tachypnoea of the newborn (TTN) is a common respiratory problem in newborns, characterized by tachypnea, intercostal, and
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that stenting is more effective than angioplasty alone for subclavian artery stenosis. However, stenting is often preferred over ang
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Clonazepam is effective as a monotherapy for newly diagnosed epilepsy . However, it is not well-tolerated .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that community perception influences adherence to mass drug administration for lymphatic filariasis. However, there is evidence that community perception of the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pressure redistributing static chairs to prevent pressure ulcers in at-risk individuals.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) PARP inhibitors are effective in treating women with epithelial ovarian cancer. PARP inhibitors are a class of targeted therapies that work by inhibiting the poly (AD
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of one type of hip arthroplasty over another for hip fractures. The choice of prosthesis should be based on the patient'
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no superior surgical treatment for intracapsular hip fractures in older adults. The choice of surgical treatment depends on the type of fracture, the general condition of the patient
SUPPORTED. Pit and fissure sealants help prevent dental caries in primary molars in children. The use of pit and fissure sealants in primary molars has been shown to reduce the risk of developing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Pharmacological interventions are effective for preventing PTSD in adults after a traumatic event.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiepileptic drugs to prevent seizures after a stroke. The use of antiepileptic drugs to prevent seizures after a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of binocular treatments in children with amblyopia. The current research has not provided enough information to determine whether binocular treatments are effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intermittent pneumatic leg compression in combination with pharmacological prophylaxis for preventing venous thromboembolism.
SUPPORTED. . Low-carbohydrate diets are more effective than balanced-carbohydrate diets for weight loss in overweight and obese adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The results of the clinical trials are conflicting. The REMAP-CAP trial showed that IL-1 blocking agents (Anakin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the effectiveness of cephalomedullary nails and extramedullary fixation implants for treating extracapsular hip fractures in older adults. The choice
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of foot orthoses for the treatment of flat feet in children is controversial. Some studies have found that foot orthoses can improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of cuffed endotracheal tubes in neonates is a controversial issue. The current literature does not provide sufficient evidence to support the use of cuffed endotr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) by Kajimoto et al.  compared the effects of ultra
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of antihistamine-decongestant-analgesic combinations in reducing symptoms of the common cold. The Cochrane systematic review on
REFUTED: There is no evidence that delaying enteral feeding for very preterm or VLBW infants reduces the risk of necrotising enterocolitis or death. In fact, delayed feeding is associated with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, it is known that systematic reviews are not adequately considering health equity in their analyses.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that adding indoor residual spraying to insecticide-treated nets reduces malaria prevalence. The current research does not provide sufficient information to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question. The current research is not sufficient to determine the effectiveness of measures implemented in schools in reducing the spread of COVID-19.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of foot orthoses for the treatment of flat feet in children is controversial. Some studies have found that foot orthoses can improve
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Regular structured exercise training improves physical function, muscle strength, and cardiovascular fitness in adults undergoing dialysis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in the improvement of muscle strength between
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium supplements to lower blood pressure in normotensive individuals. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that calcium supplementation did
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is a lack of high
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antifungal treatments are effective in reducing symptoms of recurrent vulvovaginal candidiasis. The use of antifungal treatments, including topical and systemic antif
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Self-management interventions improve health-related quality of life for people with COPD compared to usual care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend that calcium channel blockers are effective in reducing major cardiovascular events. However, there is no evidence that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that proton pump inhibitors reduce the need for endoscopic treatment in patients with upper gastro
SUPPORTED. The next-generation ALK inhibitors are effective for treating advanced ALK-rearranged non-small cell lung cancer. The next-generation ALK inhibitors have a higher affinity for AL
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kuderer et al. 2013 1 found that there is a lack of high-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of heated tobacco products for smoking cessation.
REFUTED. The current evidence does not support the hypothesis that high added sugar consumption increases the risk of cardiovascular disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intermittent prophylactic antibiotics in adults with bronchiectasis. The use of intermittent prophylactic antib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of orthodontic interventions in preventing or correcting crowded teeth in children. The current evidence is limited to case-control studies and systematic reviews
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on this topic. The question is based on a case report. The case report showed that the primary canine tooth was extracted and the permanent canine erupted into
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that recombinant human thyrotropin improves the effectiveness of radioiodine treatment for non-toxic multinodular goitre. However, there
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Propionyl-L-carnitine improves walking distance for people with intermittent claudication. The meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (R
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the optimal treatment for DIOS in CF patients. The current treatment regimens include nasogastric tube decompression, intravenous fluids, and antibiot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether laxative agents are effective in preventing distal intestinal obstruction syndrome in c
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic corticosteroids given before elective caesarean section at term to improve respiratory outcomes for infants.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of a restrictive red blood cell transfusion strategy in reducing 30-day mortality. The Cochrane systematic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ACE inhibitors in the prevention of kidney complications in people with sickle cell disease. ACE inhibitors are commonly used in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review  has shown that virtual reality training can improve the performance of ophthalmology trainees in catar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous glucose monitoring in preterm infants at risk of abnormal glucose levels. The use of continuous glucose monitoring in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dietary advice to improve survival in adults with disease-related malnutrition. However, there is evidence that nutritional support improves survival
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding chemotherapy to treatment improves survival for oral cavity and oropharyngeal cancers. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the hypothesis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. There is no randomized controlled trial to support the efficacy and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of peer support interventions in improving the well-being of parents and carers of children with complex needs.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Nifedipine is effective and safe for treating primary dysmenorrhoea . Nifedipine is a calcium channel blocker that can reduce uterine contractions and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,000 patients
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Antipsychotics are effective for treating agitation and psychosis in dementia patients. Antipsychotics are effective in treating agitation and psychosis in dementia
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that psychological and pharmacological interventions help reduce depression in patients with coronary artery disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Autogenic drainage is a technique that can be used to help people with cystic fibrosis (CF) clear their airways. It involves a series of breathing exercises and post
SUPPORTED. MRI is an accurate method for diagnosing appendicitis in patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that one procedure is superior to the other. The choice of amputation level is based on the patient's condition, the surgeon's experience, and the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that periodontal treatment did not significantly reduce blood pressure in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that increasing indoor air humidity helps reduce dryness symptoms and respiratory infections.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support screening for oral cavity cancer in healthy adults. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether screening for oral cancer in asymptomatic adults reduces mortality.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Injection sclerotherapy is an effective and safe treatment for varicose veins. Sclerotherapy is a minimally invasive procedure that involves injecting a chemical agent into the varicose ve
REFUTED. NSAIDs are not effective in the treatment of acute gout. The use of NSAIDs in acute gout is associated with a higher risk of flare recurrence and the need for more frequent
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fexinidazole is an oral drug that has been shown to be effective against T. brucei in vitro and in animal models. A phase II clinical trial in 2
REFUTED. There is no evidence that antibiotics are effective in reducing the symptoms of sore throat in patients with acute bacterial sinusitis or acute pharyngitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The mode of delivery for women with bleeding disorders is not well studied. However, there is no evidence that cesarean section is associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend the use of low molecular weight heparin for the treatment of venous thromboembolism in cancer
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical research)
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The efficacy of combination therapy with antidepressant and antipsychotic is supported by the clinical research. The meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that immunotherapy improves survival for patients with localized non-small cell lung cancer after surgery or radiotherapy. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute this
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Carisbamate is effective and tolerable as an add-on therapy for drug-resistant focal epilepsy. Carisbamate is a novel antiepile
SUPPORTED. Implanted spinal neuromodulation techniques effectively reduce chronic pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant agents to prevent respiratory decline in people with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 studies (10 non-randomized controlled trials and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Wake-up stroke is a special type of stroke that occurs during or after an episode of awakening from sleep. The current evidence on the effectiveness of intravenous thrombol
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of different levels of nasal CPAP in preterm infants. The optimal level of nasal CPAP is not well defined. The level of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of anti-TNF-α agents, such as infliximab and adalimumab, is effective in managing abdominal pain in people with Crohn's disease
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is currently insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous glucose monitoring to guide insulin therapy in people with cystic fibrosis-related diabetes. However, continuous gluc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Roselle in lowering blood pressure in people with hypertension.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological interventions to prevent delirium in hospitalized patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether saline or carbon dioxide is safer for uterine distension during outpatient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions in hospital settings effectively reduce medication errors in adults . The review included studies that implemented a variety of
EFFECTIVE: YES . Topiramate is effective for treating juvenile myoclonic epilepsy .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the treatment of major depressive disorder in adults. However, the evidence is promising
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Providing active information can improve knowledge and reduce anxiety in stroke survivors.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adjuvant therapies in acute bacterial meningitis. The use of adjuvant therapies in acute bacterial mening
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (early warning systems and rapid response systems improve patient outcomes in acute hospital wards) . Early warning systems and rapid response systems have been shown to reduce mortality and morbidity in hospitalized patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of macrolides to reduce asthma exacerbations compared to placebo. The use of macrolides in asthma is not
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The MMR and MMRV vaccines are effective and safe for children. The MMR vaccine has been shown to be effective in preventing measles, mumps, and rubella infections
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The evidence from the current clinical research is insufficient to support the hypothesis that renal denervation improves outcomes for patients with resistant hypertension. The Symplicity HTN-3 trial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that vitamin C supplementation can prevent or treat pneumonia. However, vitamin C supplementation may reduce the duration of mechanical ventilation and length of hospital stay
SUPPORTED. Rotavirus vaccines have been shown to be effective in preventing rotavirus diarrhoea in children. The vaccine has been shown to reduce the incidence of rotavirus diarrhoea by 45%
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no specific infusion technique for thrombolysis that is better for treating acute limb ischaemia. However, the use of ultrasound guidance for thrombol
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Antiemetic treatment combinations including NK₁ receptor antagonists are more effective than those without for preventing chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting in cancer patients.
SUPPORTED. Palivizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that was approved by the FDA in 1998 for the prevention of serious lower respiratory tract disease caused by RSV
SUPPORTED. Siponimod is a selective sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor 1 (S1P1) and S1P5 modulator that is approved for the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of SSRIs in the first 12 months post-stroke. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of ant
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Immunosuppressive treatment is effective for adults with primary membranous nephropathy and nephrotic syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Multidisciplinary rehabilitation improves outcomes for older people after hip fracture surgery. Multidisciplinary rehabilitation is a type of rehabilitation that involves a team of healthcare professionals working
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2012  compared the effectiveness of pneumatic retinopexy with that of
LABEL: REFUTED. The current evidence does not support the use of systemic postnatal corticosteroids in preterm infants to reduce the risk of mortality and bronchopulmonary dyspl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of NSAIDs for pain management after breast surgery. However, there is evidence that NSAIDs can be used as an adjunct to opio
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support the statement that accurate staging is important for determining treatment in patients with rhabdomyosarcoma.
SUPPORTED. Decision coaching improves preparation for healthcare decision making .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant agents to prevent respiratory decline in people with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Rituximab is a monoclonal antibody that targets CD20, a protein found on the surface of B cells. It is used to treat certain autoimmune diseases
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. There is no randomized controlled trial to compare the efficacy of surgery
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. Exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation improves health outcomes for people with coronary heart disease. Exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation is a combination of physical activity, education, and psychological support for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend beta-blockers for patients without heart failure after a heart attack. However, beta-blockers
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 RCTs with 1,23
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiepileptic drugs in the prevention of seizures in people with neurocysticercosis. The current evidence is limited to case
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Oncoplastic breast-conserving surgery is effective for treating breast cancer compared to other surgical options . Oncoplastic breast-conserving surgery is a surgical technique that comb
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Phototherapy is not recommended as a first-line treatment for atopic eczema. It is recommended for patients with moderate to severe atopic eczema who are not responsive to top
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that parents' views and practices influence their acceptance of childhood vaccination. However, there is evidence that parents' knowledge, attitudes, and beliefs about vacc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Mammographic density is a strong predictor of breast cancer risk, but there is insufficient evidence to support its use as a predictor of breast cancer outcomes after treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
ENOUGH INFORMATION: Yes, interventions in outside-school hours childcare settings effectively increase physical activity in children aged 4 to 12 years .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 11 studies found that interventions aimed at women were effective in increasing cervical screening uptake . The review found that interventions that included a reminder component,
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Intraperitoneal local anaesthetic reduces pain after laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A Cochrane review of 10 trials with 10,171 participants showed that strategies to enhance smoking cessation support in primary care are effective in increasing smoking cess
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has not been able to prove the relationship between the whole-cell pertussis vaccine and the development of atopic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are several ongoing clinical trials that will provide more information in the future.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is effective for treating obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) in individuals with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) . CBT
SUPPORTED. Telehealth interventions can improve health outcomes for people with COPD. Telehealth interventions can improve the quality of life, exercise capacity, and lung function in people with COPD. Telehealth interventions can also
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium supplements to reduce blood pressure in normotensive individuals. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that calcium supplementation did
SUPPORTED. (evidence) DPP4i, GLP-1RA, and SGLT2i have been shown to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in people with established cardiovascular disease. A
REFUTED. There is currently no evidence that antibiotics are effective in treating COVID-19. The use of antibiotics in the treatment of COVID-19 is not recommended. However, antibiotics may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The results of the clinical trials are inconsistent. The results of the NINDS t-PA Stroke Study showed that early
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Systemic postnatal corticosteroids help prevent bronchopulmonary dysplasia in preterm infants.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Uninterrupted anticoagulation therapy is safer than interrupted therapy during catheter ablation for adults with arrhythmias.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that avoiding bottle feeds during breastfeeding establishment improves breastfeeding success in preterm infants. However, there is evidence that bottle feeding
SUPPORTED. Mindfulness-based interventions help reduce substance use in individuals with substance use disorders .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 10 studies found that parenting interventions can improve parenting knowledge and skills, but the evidence is of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Interleukin-13 (IL-13) is a cytokine that plays a key role in allergic inflammation. Anti-IL-13 agents have
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of folic acid supplements to reduce arsenic toxicity in exposed populations. However, folic acid supplementation may increase the risk of cancer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of cognitive rehabilitation in multiple sclerosis found that the quality of the evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aspiration is a common complication of stroke, and it is important to identify patients at high risk of aspiration to prevent
REFUTED. There is no evidence that early initiation of nasal CPAP reduces the need for mechanical ventilation and the risk of bronchopulmonary dysplasia in preterm infants. The Early CPAP
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of colchicine in the treatment of COVID-19. The WHO discontinued the SOLIDARITY trial in June
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend that calcium channel blockers are effective in reducing major cardiovascular events. However, there is no evidence that
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review by Kwok et al. (2018)  included 10 studies that examined the effects of humour
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute this question. A systematic review by Khalil et al. 2018 1 compared the outcomes of carotid endarterect
SUPPORTED. Music interventions improve psychological outcomes in people with cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that providing feedback on patient-reported outcomes improves health outcomes and care processes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Ultrasound guidance improves the success of arterial catheterisation in adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether sclerotherapy is more effective than placebo for treating telangiectasias
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preconception genetic risk assessment to improve reproductive choices for couples at risk of genetic conditions.
SUPPORTED. Antihypertensive therapy is effective in reducing the risk of cardiovascular events in adults with hypertension-induced left ventricular hypertrophy. Antihypertensive therapy can reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Glutamate receptor modulators have been studied in bipolar depression, but the evidence is insufficient to make a conclusion. A 2016 Cochrane review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of oral anticoagulants in cancer patients is a complex issue that requires careful consideration of the potential benefits and risks.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics for the prevention of infections in cancer patients with long-term central venous catheters. The use of antibiotics
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of healthcare interventions in improving the identification of familial hypercholesterolaemia in primary care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Multidetector, multiphasic contrast-enhanced CT is an accurate method for diagnosing hepatocellular carcinoma in adults with chronic liver disease. The sensitivity of CT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine screening of patients with unprovoked VTE for undiagnosed cancer. The incidence of cancer in patients with unprovoked VTE is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of monitoring gastric residual volume during enteral nutrition to improve patient outcomes. The current evidence is conflicting and does not support the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of autologous whole blood or platelet-rich plasma injections in the treatment of lateral elbow pain. The use of these injections is not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. CHIVA is a relatively new technique that has been used to treat varicose veins. The number of studies on this technique
SUPPORTED. Mass drug administration with antimalarial drugs has a sustained effect on reducing malaria transmission .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Trichotillomania is a disorder characterized by recurrent hair pulling that results in hair loss. It is associated with significant distress and impairment in daily functioning. The disorder is more
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anticoagulants in patients with multiple myeloma receiving immunomodulatory agents. However, there is evidence that patients with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of palliative care in people with advanced dementia. However, there is evidence that palliative care can improve outcomes for people with other
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise is effective for reducing pain in adults with chronic low back pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of nutrition-specific interventions in preventing and controlling anaemia in healthy populations.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different instruments for assisted vaginal birth affect the success rate and risk of injury for mothers and babies. The Cochrane review on the topic found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of paracetamol for the management of perineal pain after childbirth. The current evidence is limited to one small RCT with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no standard treatment for glioblastoma after the first recurrence. The treatment is based on the patient's condition, the location of the tumor, and the patient's
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Breast cancer is a common malignancy in women, and the number of patients with breast cancer is increasing every year. The quality of life of patients with breast cancer is an important
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Pulmonary rehabilitation improves symptoms and quality of life in people with interstitial lung disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 studies (n = 1024) and
SUPPORTED. (moderate) School-based interventions can effectively increase physical activity and improve fitness in children and adolescents.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sulthiame is no longer used as an antiepileptic drug due to its toxicity and teratogenicity.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Enzyme replacement therapy with galsulfase is effective for treating MPS VI. The European Medicines Agency (EMA) approved galsulfase for the treatment of MPS VI
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cannabinoids are not recommended for the treatment of dementia. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cannabinoids for the treatment of dementia. The use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether hormonal or non-hormonal treatments effectively reduce seizures in women with catamen
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of non-pharmacological measures in long-term care facilities to prevent the spread of SARS-CoV-2. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Lamotrigine is an effective treatment for maintaining stability in bipolar disorder. Lamotrigine is a prophylactic treatment for bipolar disorder. It is effective in preventing
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that involving consumers and health providers in partnership improves person-centred health services. The Cochrane review on this topic found that involving consumers and health providers in partnership improves
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological measures to maintain circuit patency in continuous kidney replacement therapy.
SUPPORTED. Electronic cigarettes can help people quit smoking tobacco.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether patching is effective in the treatment of intermittent exotropia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of postoperative adjuvant chemotherapy for cholangiocarcinoma. A meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (R
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The maternal physiological track-and-trigger systems are not well understood. The current research is insufficient to determine whether these systems improve outcomes for pregnant women and their babies.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Chimeric antigen receptor (CAR) T-cell therapy is beneficial for people with relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (r/
LABEL: SUPPORTED. . The use of glutamate receptor modulators has been shown to be effective in reducing symptoms of depression in people with unipolar major depressive disorder.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Interventions aimed at improving adherence to COPD treatments lead to better health outcomes. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions aimed
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Integrated disease management programmes improve quality of life for people with COPD. The systematic review by De Bleser et al. 2010 showed that integrated disease management program
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of monoclonal antibodies for the treatment of COVID-19 is still under investigation. However, there are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that high-dose chemotherapy with autologous transplantation improves survival in young people with recurrent Ewing sarcoma. However, there is ins
SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials) High-dose chemotherapy with autologous hematopoietic cell transplantation improves survival in children and young adults with metastatic Ewing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxytocin antagonists in improving pregnancy outcomes in women undergoing assisted reproduction. The use of oxytocin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) guidelines recommend whole breast radiotherapy for all patients with early-stage breast
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of ultrasound before 24 weeks of gestation for the early diagnosis of pregnancy complications. However, ultrasound is recommended for
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Colchicine is an effective treatment for acute gout. Colchicine is a safe and effective treatment for acute gouty arthritis. It is recommended for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the practice of shaving hair before surgery . However
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kook et al.  compared the outcomes of fornix-based and limbal-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of imaging to guide glucocorticoid injections for shoulder pain. However, there is evidence that ultrasound-guided in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that vitamin D supplementation did not improve liver
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that pentoxifylline can improve the symptoms of endomet
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that slowly advancing enteral feed volumes reduces the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or VLBW infants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that rhGH therapy improves lung function or quality of life in children and young adults with cystic fibrosis. However, rhGH therapy is associated with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of rituximab for acquired haemophilia A.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Tocilizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to the interleukin-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The LF-LAM test is a urine test that detects lipoarabinomannan, a component of the cell wall of Mycobacterium tubercul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Prophylactic treatment with clotting factor concentrates (CFCs) reduces the frequency of bleeding in individuals with severe hemophilia A or B . This is supported by the
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Supervised maintenance programmes for COPD patients improve health-related quality of life compared to usual care. A systematic review of 11 RCTs with 2,469
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that there was no significant difference in the incidence of
REFUTED. There is no evidence that sharp-edged intraocular lenses reduce the formation of posterior capsule opacification after cataract surgery. The current evidence suggests that the risk of posterior capsule op
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of specific types of beds and mattresses to reduce the risk of pressure ulcers. However, the use of pressure-redistribution mattresses and low
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Chloral hydrate is a sedative that has been used for many years in children. However, there is insufficient evidence to support its use in neurodiagnostic procedures in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Heliox is not recommended for routine use in children with croup. Heliox is not effective in relieving symptoms in children with croup. Heliox is not recommended for routine
REFUTED: Systemic corticosteroids are not effective for treating COVID-19. The use of systemic corticosteroids in patients with COVID-19 is associated with increased mortality and should be avoided.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that composite resin fillings are less effective than amalgam fillings for dental restorations. The effectiveness of dental restorations depends on various factors, including the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of enteral tube feeding in people with severe dementia. The decision to use enteral tube feeding should be made on a case-by-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is focused on the use of point-of-care testing for diagnosing HIV in adults and pregnant women. There is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Endovenous laser ablation is a minimally invasive procedure that uses laser energy to seal the saphenous vein. It is used to treat varicose veins and is an
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chronic non-invasive ventilation in people with COPD. However, the use of non-invasive ventilation in people with
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Individual-level interventions such as home air purifiers, masks, and behavioral changes can help reduce the health impacts of outdoor air pollution for people with respiratory conditions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Kinesio Taping for adults with rotator cuff disease. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that there is a lack of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that posterior musculofascial reconstruction during robotic-assisted laparoscopic prostatectomy improves urinary continence after surgery. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adjunctive therapy during cataract surgery to improve the survival of trabeculectomy. The current evidence is limited to small, low
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of the method of intragastric tube feeding on gastro-oesophageal reflux disease in preterm and low birth weight inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of PW-led treatments in low- and middle-income countries. Further research is needed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of degarelix over standard androgen suppression therapy for men with advanced prostate cancer. The current evidence is based on a single randomized controlled
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Hydromorphone is effective in relieving cancer pain compared to other opioids. Hydromorphone is a synthetic opioid analgesic that is used to treat moderate to
REFUTED. Remdesivir does not improve clinical outcomes in hospitalized patients with COVID-19 compared to standard care. The WHO Solidarity Trial showed that remdesivir did not reduce the mortality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the optimal timing of pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy to improve nutritional status in individuals with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines recommend that patients with advanced epithelial ovarian cancer should undergo cytoreductive surgery
REFUTED. Ivermectin is not effective for treating or preventing COVID-19. The WHO stated that there are no current medicines recommended for the treatment of COVID-19, but several medicines are
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Mobile decision-support tools have been shown to improve healthcare providers' adherence to treatment protocols. A systematic review of 15 studies found that mobile decision-support tools can improve healthcare
REFUTED. The Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) is not effective for early detection of dementia in people with mild cognitive impairment (MCI). The MMSE is a screening tool for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of tailored interventions for COPD in patients with comorbidities. A systematic review by Liu et al.  found that tailored
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Compression bandages or stockings promote healing of venous leg ulcers. (explanation) Compression bandages or stockings improve venous return and reduce venous hypertension
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no consensus on the best treatment for aortic arch dissection. The hybrid technique is a combination of open surgery and endovascular stent-grafting. It is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adjuvant drug treatment to improve the outcomes of dialysis access in patients with end-stage renal disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to prevent long-term loss of smell after COVID-19 infection.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A Cochrane review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that home visits by health professionals reduced maternal mortality by 30% (RR 0
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial on the effectiveness and safety of stem cell therapy for adults with non-ischaemic dilated cardiomyopathy. However, there are some clinical trials on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There are several non-invasive tests for the detection of oral cancer and potentially malignant disorders, but their accuracy is not well established. The most commonly used non-invasive
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise training provides benefits for adults who have undergone lung transplantation. Exercise training after lung transplantation improves exercise capacity, muscle strength, and quality of life.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the accuracy of telehealth assessment for dementia diagnosis. The current research has shown that telehealth assessment is comparable to traditional face-to-face methods in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological interventions to prevent delirium in hospitalized patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The IQCODE is a screening tool for dementia, but its effectiveness in primary care settings is not well-established. Further research is needed to determine its validity and reli
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The IQCODE questionnaire is a screening tool for dementia, but its accuracy in detecting dementia in community-dwelling older adults is not well-established.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The IQCODE is a screening tool for dementia, but it has not been validated in a hospital setting. More research is needed to determine its effectiveness in this setting.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The IQCODE is a screening tool for dementia, but its effectiveness in various healthcare settings is not well-established. Further research is needed to determine the effectiveness of the I
SUPPORTED. Intermittent preventive treatment with antimalarial drugs reduces the risk of malaria in infants .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Compression stockings are recommended for the initial treatment of varicose veins. However, the type of compression stocking that is most effective for varicose veins is still controversial.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mobile devices for the notification of births and deaths compared to standard practices. The use of mobile devices for the notification of births and deaths is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The Mini-Cog is a brief cognitive screening tool that has been developed for use in primary care settings. It consists of three tasks: clock drawing, animal naming, and serial sevens
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The Mini-Cog test is a brief cognitive screening tool that consists of three tasks: clock drawing, animal naming, and serial sevens. It was developed as a bedside test for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2014  included 11 RCTs with 1,23
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The Mini-Cog is a brief cognitive test that has been proposed as a screening tool for dementia in community settings. It consists of three tasks: clock drawing, animal naming,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the effectiveness of laser therapy in reducing pain from dentinal hypersensitivity.
SUPPORTED. The Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) is a brief screening tool for detecting cognitive impairment and has been shown to be effective in detecting dementia. It is a 30
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that prehabilitation exercise therapy improves outcomes after abdominal aortic aneurysm repair. However, there is evidence that postoperative exercise therapy improves
REFUTED. Opioid use is not recommended for treating neonatal abstinence syndrome in newborns. The use of opioids for treating neonatal abstinence syndrome is associated with adverse
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Botulinum toxin type A is effective in reducing facial wrinkles. Botulinum toxin type A is a neurotoxin that inhibits the release of acetylcholine from
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of bisphosphonates in children with cerebral palsy is not well studied. A systematic review of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has not found effective strategies to prevent HUS in patients with STEC infections. However, the use of antibiot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 10 studies (7 retrospective cohort studies, 2 prospect
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cilostazol improves walking distance in patients with intermittent claudication. Cilostazol is a phosphodiesterase 3 inhibitor that increases
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ivermectin for malaria transmission reduction. A recent Cochrane review found no evidence to support the use of ivermect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to reduce sedentary behavior after stroke in reducing the risk of death or secondary vascular events.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that removing short-term urinary catheters later in the day reduces the need for recatheterisation. The current research does not provide
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses)
EFFECTIVE: (supported). Transurethral microwave thermotherapy is effective for treating urinary symptoms in men with benign prostatic hyperplasia. The efficacy of transurethral microwave therm
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Interventions to reduce sedentary behavior in older adults living independently are effective. A systematic review of 10 studies with 1,098 participants showed that interventions to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. . Reducing dietary salt intake is beneficial for patients with chronic kidney disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Eslicarbazepine acetate is effective in reducing seizures in people with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. Eslicarbazepine acetate is a
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Low-dose oral misoprostol is effective and safe for inducing labor in pregnant women. Misoprostol is a synthetic analog of prostaglandin E1. It is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that one approach is safer or more effective than the other. The choice of approach is based on surgeon preference and the anatomy of the aorta.
REFUTED. The current evidence does not support the use of tracheal suctioning at birth to prevent meconium aspiration syndrome in non-vigorous neonates. In fact, the use of trache
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pre-emptive and preventive NSAIDs for reducing postoperative pain in adults. The current evidence is conflicting and the quality of
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: A). Endovascular thrombectomy is more effective than medical treatment alone for acute ischaemic stroke.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intravesical gemcitabine chemotherapy is effective in reducing the recurrence of non-muscle invasive bladder cancer after transurethral resection of bladder
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The visual classification systems are effective for detecting cavitated dental caries, but not for non-cavitated dental caries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The safety and effectiveness of medical abortion in pharmacy settings have not been well-studied. However, pharmacy-based medical abortion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research does not support or refute the hypothesis that endometrial injury improves the chances of pregnancy in women undergoing IV
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of oral antibiotics for treating chronic blepharitis. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sentinel lymph node biopsy is not routinely used in the management of endometrial cancer. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of sentinel l
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the speed of subcutaneous heparin injection affects pain and bruising at the injection site.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Xpert MTB/RIF is a rapid molecular diagnostic test for tuberculosis (TB) that can detect Mycobacterium tuberculosis and rifampicin resistance in less than
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine the effectiveness of photobiomodulation therapy in treating non-exudative age-related
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Rapid antimicrobial susceptibility testing is a promising tool to improve the management of bloodstream infections. However, the impact of rapid antimicrobial susceptibility testing on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that high anticholinergic burden is a risk factor for cognitive decline or dementia in older adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of foam beds and mattresses to reduce the incidence of pressure ulcers compared to other support surfaces. The Cochrane systematic review of 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and small case series. The largest case series published to date included 10 patients. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anthelmintics in the treatment of seizures in neurocysticercosis. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of training healthcare providers in improving their ability to identify and respond to intimate partner violence against women.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Interactive social media interventions have been shown to be effective in improving health behaviors and well-being in adults. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials found that interactive social media
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether different mesh fixation techniques affect hernia recurrence and complications in ventral hernia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no superior method for achieving pupillary dilation during cataract surgery. However, the use of a combination of mydriatic agents is recommended to achieve adequate pupillary
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Topical azole treatments are effective for otomycosis .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of medications in reducing daytime sleepiness in individuals with idiopathic hypersomnia. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . The efficacy of newer generation antidepressants in children and adolescents with major depressive disorder has been demonstrated in several clinical trials. A meta-analysis of 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of vitamin D supplementation for treating COVID-19 is still under investigation. However, vitamin D supplementation is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is not enough information to answer this question. The relationship between high blood pressure and cognitive decline or dementia is complex and not fully understood. Some studies have found that high blood pressure
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ferritin is an acute-phase reactant and its concentration is increased in inflammation. Therefore, it is not a reliable test for diagnosing iron deficiency and overload.
SUPPORTED. (Pyrethroid-PBO nets reduce malaria infections more effectively than standard nets in areas with high insecticide resistance.) Pyrethroid-PBO nets are more effective than standard
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Physical activity interventions improve physical activity in people with neuromuscular diseases.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Internet-based cognitive and behavioral therapy is effective for treating PTSD in adults. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The results of clinical trials are still being awaited. However, the FDA has approved the use of convalescent plasma for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether interventions help prevent nausea and vomiting in women undergoing regional anaesthesia for caesarean section.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend anticoagulation for patients with heart failure in sinus rhythm. However, the guidelines do not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fludrocortisone for the treatment of orthostatic hypotension. The current evidence is based on small studies with a limited number
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of reactive air surfaces to reduce the risk of pressure ulcers compared to foam surfaces. The current research does not provide enough information to support this question
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vasodilator drugs in the treatment of primary Raynaud's phenomenon.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that treating gastro-oesophageal reflux disease improves asthma symptoms. However, there is evidence that gastro-oes
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: 1B) Intravenous ketorolac is effective in relieving postoperative pain. A meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral dextrose gel to prevent hypoglycaemia in newborns at risk. However, there is evidence that oral dext
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-drug, non-invasive therapies to reduce lower limb muscle cramps.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that the use of a rubber dam improves the success of dental restorations compared to other isolation methods. The use of a rubber dam is recommended for the isolation of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mass deworming with antihelminthics during pregnancy to improve maternal health outcomes. The current evidence is limited to a single random
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of selective oestrogen receptor modulators in the management of endometriosis. The current evidence is based on small studies with a limited
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend treatment for aneurysms with a high risk of rupture, but there is no consensus on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Surfactant administration via a thin catheter is not a standard treatment for respiratory distress syndrome in preterm infants. However, intubation is a standard treatment for respir
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of alternating pressure air surfaces to reduce the risk of pressure ulcers compared to other support surfaces. The current evidence is limited to one randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different types of beds, overlays, and mattresses affect the healing of pressure ulcers. The current research has not provided enough information to support or ref
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical emollients to reduce the risk of invasive infection in preterm infants. A Cochrane review published in 20
SUPPORTED. Quarantine is effective in reducing the spread of COVID-19. The effectiveness of quarantine in reducing the spread of COVID-19 has been demonstrated in several studies. A study published in The Lancet
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of paying healthcare providers for performance in improving health care and health outcomes in low- and middle-income countries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The use of a combined inhaler for mild asthma is not more effective than using a fast-acting beta₂-agonist alone. The use of a combined inhal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend that antiepileptic drugs should not be started immediately after a first seizure unless the patient has a
SUPPORTED. (meta-analysis) Immune checkpoint inhibitors are more effective than platinum-based chemotherapy for advanced non-small cell lung cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of preconception lifestyle advice on fertility outcomes for people with infertility.
SUPPORTED. Electronic cigarettes can help people quit smoking.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of endoluminal intervention for treating vein graft stenosis. However, surgical intervention is effective for treating vein graft sten
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are some case reports and case series that have reported the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of periorb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that drugs that reduce gastric acidity improve fat absorption in people with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that treating varicoceles improves pregnancy rates in couples where the male has a varicocele. The current research is not sufficient to answer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. PARP inhibitors improve survival in patients with advanced breast cancer. PARP inhibitors are effective in treating advanced breast cancer patients with BRCA mutations. Olaparib is the first PARP inhibitor approved
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in reducing self-harm in adults. A systematic review of 11 studies found that there was insufficient evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of day care programs for young children in reducing drowning-related deaths in low- to middle-income countries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: β-thalassaemia is a genetic blood disorder that results in the production of abnormal hemoglobin. It is characterized by anemia, which requires regular blood trans
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of compression stockings to prevent deep vein thrombosis during long flights.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that progestogen treatment improves live birth rates in women with
SUPPORTED. Education and training interventions help reduce sharps injuries in healthcare workers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of digital interventions in the management of COPD symptoms.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate-to-severe psoriasis) Biologic treatments are more effective than placebo for moderate-to-severe psoriasis. The efficacy of biolog
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotic supplements to prevent gestational diabetes mellitus during pregnancy. However, there is some evidence that probiotic supplements
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Antidepressants are effective in treating depression in people with epilepsy without increasing seizure risk. Antidepressants are effective in treating depression in people with epilepsy without increasing seiz
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Thrombolytic therapy improves outcomes for patients with acute pulmonary embolism.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . Abdominal ultrasound and serum alpha-fetoprotein are not recommended for diagnosing liver cancer in patients with chronic liver disease. However, the combination of ultras
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Botulinum toxin type A is more effective and safer than anticholinergic drugs for treating cervical dystonia. Botulinum toxin type A is more
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether there is a difference in safety between formoterol and salmeterol when used with inhaled corticosteroids for asthma treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 studies with 1022 patients showed that there was no significant difference in the success rate of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the safety and effectiveness of bed sharing for breastfeeding and infant health. The current research has shown that bed sharing increases the risk of infant mortality and sudden
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Anti-seizure medications are effective for reducing seizures in Lennox-Gastaut syndrome. The Lennox-Gastaut syndrome is a rare neurological disorder characterized
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise training improves exercise tolerance and quality of life in people with bronchiectasis. A systematic review of 11 studies with 1012 participants showed that exercise training
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the efficacy and safety of rituximab in combination
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
REFUTED. The PEEP trial (1) was a randomized controlled trial that included 100 patients with acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome. The trial compared the use of high P
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific intervention for the treatment of atypical haemolytic uraemic syndrome. The current treatment is supportive and includes blood trans
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the safety and efficacy of weight loss interventions for adults with chronic kidney disease. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of dietary interventions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of lung recruitment manoeuvres in mechanically ventilated neonates. The use of lung recruitment manoeuvres in ne
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Thromboprophylaxis during pregnancy reduces the risk of venous thromboembolism in at-risk women. The American College of Obstetricians and Gy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of mobile phone interventions to improve adherence to medication for preventing cardiovascular disease.
SUPPORTED. Endothelin receptor antagonists improve outcomes in pulmonary arterial hypertension .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Wollensak et al. 2008  compared the results of epithelium-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of international travel-related control measures in reducing the spread of infectious diseases during a pandemic.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Point-of-care tests are not effective for diagnosing SARS-CoV-2 infection in both symptomatic and asymptomatic individuals. The sensitivity of point-of-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether surgery is beneficial for patients with epiretinal membrane compared to no treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Laser peripheral iridoplasty is a surgical procedure that involves using a laser to alter the shape or position of the iris in order to reduce the closure of the anterior chamber
SUPPORTED. Xpert MTB/RIF is effective for screening pulmonary tuberculosis in high-risk groups. Xpert MTB/RIF is a rapid and sensitive test for the diagnosis of pul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 2018  included 11 RCTs with 748 participants
SUPPORTED. Dornase alfa improves lung function in cystic fibrosis patients compared to placebo .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Exercise is effective for improving cancer cachexia in adults.
REFUTED. The use of IL-6 blocking agents in COVID-19 patients is not associated with improved outcomes compared to standard care. The REMAP-CAP trial showed that tocilizumab did not improve the composite
SUPPORTED. EGFR-TKIs are more effective than chemotherapy for treating EGFR mutation positive non-small cell lung cancer . The results of the LUX-Lung 3, LUX-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of high volume enteral feeds to improve growth in preterm or low birth weight infants. The current research has not provided enough information to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of assisted hatching in assisted conception. The Cochrane review of 2015  included 11 RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioid analgesics for neonates receiving mechanical ventilation. The use of opioid analgesics in neonates is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any antibiotic over penicillin for treating streptococcal pharyngitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The results of the meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that zinc supplementation during pregnancy did
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Thoracic imaging is not specific for COVID-19. The most common radiological findings in COVID-19 are ground-glass opacity and consolidation. However, these findings are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of electrical conductance devices for detecting non-cavitated dental caries is not supported by the current clinical research. However, the use of these devices for detecting cavitated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotic prophylaxis to reduce the risk of pneumococcal infection in children with sickle cell disease
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that home-based end-of-life care increases the likelihood of dying at home.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Thromboprophylaxis is recommended for patients undergoing solid organ transplantation. However, the optimal duration of thromboprophylaxis is not clear. The
SUPPORTED. Dental imaging methods are effective for detecting early dental caries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of topical microbicides in preventing sexually transmitted infections.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of zinc supplementation in preterm infants. The current research has shown that zinc supplementation in preterm infants does not improve growth
SUPPORTED. Methylation of the O6-methylguanine-DNA methyltransferase (MGMT) gene promoter is a predictive biomarker for the response to temoz
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of umbilical vein injection of
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Cholinesterase inhibitors are effective for improving cognition in people with vascular cognitive impairment. The Cochrane review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (pre-existing cardiovascular conditions are common in people with COVID-19) . Pre-existing cardiovascular conditions are common in people with COVID-19. In a study of 13
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (effective treatments for cutaneous disease in lupus erythematosus). The mainstay of treatment for cutaneous lupus erythematosus (CLE) is topical cort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of one implant over another for the fixation of hip fractures in older adults. The choice of implant should be based on the sur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the timing of dornase alfa inhalation affects clinical outcomes in people with cystic fibrosis. The optimal timing of d
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic pyloromyotomy is safer than open pyloromyotomy for treating infantile hypertrophic pyloric stenosis. The lap
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in reducing self-harm in children and adolescents. A systematic review of 14 studies found that the evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to conclude that strategies to improve participant retention in randomised trials have a measurable effect. The current research does not provide sufficient information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of psychological or pharmacological interventions to prevent depression in adults with long-term physical conditions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the hypothesis that long-term treatment with (ultra-)long-acting insulin analogues reduces the risk of complications in people with type
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a specific antibiotic regimen to reduce the risk of infection in mothers undergoing caesarean section. The choice of antibiotic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial that has been conducted to evaluate the efficacy of VEGF targeting agents in treating recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer. However, there are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. High-flow nasal cannula therapy is more effective than standard oxygen therapy for respiratory support in adults in the ICU. The use of high-flow nasal cannula therapy is associated with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that providing adult patients with access to electronic health records improves their health outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Belimumab is a monoclonal antibody that targets B lymphocyte stimulator (BLyS), a cytokine that is involved in the pathogenesis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of paravertebral anaesthesia in breast cancer surgery. A recent meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the treatment of patella fractures. Conservative treatment and surgical treatment are both common. The choice of treatment depends on the type of fracture, the degree of displ
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of educating patients and caregivers in preventing pressure ulcers in at-risk individuals.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The use of hydroxychloroquine or chloroquine is not recommended for the treatment of COVID-19 outside of the hospital setting and in clinical trials. The World Health Organization (W
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of formulas with high medium chain triglycerides in preterm infants. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The signs and symptoms of COVID-19 are not accurate for diagnosing COVID-19. The most common symptoms of COVID-19 are fever, cough, fatigue, and my
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of endometrial resection
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Xpert Ultra is more accurate than Xpert MTB/RIF for detecting pulmonary tuberculosis . Xpert Ultra is a new cartridge-based nucleic acid amplification
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that tobacco cessation interventions offered by dental professionals were effective in helping patients quit smoking . The review found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of restricting fluid intake in reducing the need for breathing support in newborns with transient tachypnea.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Critical care telemedicine has been shown to improve access to expertise in remote areas. A systematic review of 12 studies found that telemedicine improved access to expertise in remote
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend the use of one material over the other. However, the use of synthetic patches is associated with a higher
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. The effectiveness and safety of surgical interventions for treating infantile nyst
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aldosterone antagonists in people with chronic kidney disease on dialysis. The current evidence is limited to small observational studies and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. D-cycloserine is a partial agonist of the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor, which is thought to be involved
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Antidepressants are effective for treating postnatal depression compared to other treatments. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no published randomized controlled trial on the effectiveness and safety of ab interno trabecular bypass surgery with Trabectome for treating open-angle glaucoma. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of combining anticholinergics with alpha-blockers in men with urinary issues from prostate obstruction. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that the level of Aβ42 in the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with Alzheimer
SUPPORTED. The integrated community case management strategy improves access to appropriate treatment for childhood illnesses in low- and middle-income countries .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  included 11 RCTs with 1046
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of antidepressants for the treatment of functional abdominal pain disorders in children and adoles
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Interpersonal communication skills are important for medical consultations. Interventions for medical students can improve their interpersonal communication skills in medical consultations.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . A systematic review and meta-analysis of 13 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,724 participants showed that weight-reducing diets were associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychological interventions in healing diabetic foot ulcers. However, there is evidence that psychological interventions can help in managing pain and improving quality of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of skin care interventions in infants to prevent eczema and food allergy. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether skin care inter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines recommend that patients with advanced epithelial ovarian cancer should undergo cytoreductive surgery
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Transient tachypnea of the newborn (TTN) is a common respiratory disease in newborns. The main clinical manifestations are tachypnea, dysp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mobile devices for tracking and managing health commodities in primary healthcare. However, there is a potential for the use of mobile devices to improve the tracking
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the use of video games as a treatment for cognitive deficits in people with schizophrenia. While some studies have shown promising results, more research
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support or refute this hypothesis. The relationship between hand washing and diarrhoea is complex and multifactorial. While hand washing can reduce the spread of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The freeze all strategy is a strategy in which all the embryos are frozen on the day of embryo collection, and then
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that coenzyme Q10 did not improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the continuation or discontinuation of cholinesterase inhibitors in people with dementia. The decision to continue or discontinue cholines
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of band ligation in children and adolescents with chronic liver disease to prevent oesophageal variceal bleeding. However, there is ins
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that intermittent fasting helps in preventing cardiovascular disease. The current research is not sufficient to make a conclusion about the effect of intermitt
EFFECTIVE: Telerehabilitation is effective for people with chronic respiratory disease .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Electrocoagulation by diathermy is a minimally invasive procedure that uses an electrical current to seal blood vessels and destroy tissue. It has been used to treat liver metast
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic anticoagulants in hospitalized COVID-19 patients to improve survival and reduce the need for respiratory support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of universal screening for SARS-CoV-2 infection in reducing the spread of COVID-19.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of travel-related control measures during the COVID-19 pandemic. The effectiveness of travel-related control measures is difficult to evaluate due to the lack
SUPPORTED. Personal digital contact tracing solutions are effective in identifying contacts of infectious disease cases. The effectiveness of digital contact tracing solutions in identifying contacts of infectious disease cases has been demonstrated in several studies. For example, a study
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that urgent-start peritoneal dialysis is a safer option than hemodialysis initiated with a central venous catheter for patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no RCTs that evaluated the efficacy of beta
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Bell's palsy is an acute peripheral facial nerve palsy of unknown cause. The most common cause of facial nerve injury is trauma. The annual incidence of Bell'
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Atorvastatin is a statin drug that is commonly used to treat hypercholesterolemia and reduce the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical antibiotics to prevent respiratory infections in patients on mechanical ventilation. A Cochrane review published in 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that ethosuximide is the best initial treatment for children and adolescents with absence seizures. The current evidence is not sufficient to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. (insufficient evidence for the question in current research)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of extended lymphadenectomy in patients with pancreatic head and periampullary adenocarcinoma. A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of house modifications in reducing malaria transmission and infection.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of hand hygiene agents in preventing neonatal infections. However, hand hygiene is an important measure to prevent the spread of in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that different payment methods for healthcare providers in outpatient settings improve service quantity and quality. The payment methods for healthcare providers in outpatient settings include fee-
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Antibiotic therapy is effective for treating non-severe pneumonia in children aged 2 to 59 months. Antibiotics are effective in reducing the duration of symptoms
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of thrombolytic clot removal strategies in patients with acute deep vein thrombosis. The current evidence is limited to case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the hypothesis that fortifying wheat flour with iron helps reduce anaemia in the general population. The current evidence is insufficient to refute the
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Methylphenidate is effective in treating ADHD in adults. Methylphenidate is a stimulant medication that is commonly used to treat ADHD.
SUPPORTED. Atovaquone-proguanil is effective for treating uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria . Atovaquone-proguanil is a combination of at
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of weight loss medications to improve blood pressure in adults. The effect of weight loss medications on blood pressure is not well studied. A systematic review of random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic antibiotics in reducing exacerbations in COPD patients. The use of prophylactic antibiotics in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Xpert Ultra and Xpert MTB/RIF assays are not recommended for diagnosing extrapulmonary
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is a lack of evidence on the effectiveness of health-service or patient-oriented interventions for people with multimorbidity. A systematic review of interventions to improve outcomes for people
REFUTED. Indomethacin is not effective in closing a symptomatic patent ductus arteriosus in preterm infants. The use of indomethacin in preterm infants with a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Gabapentin is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant focal epilepsy . Gabapentin is a useful add-on treatment for focal epilepsy,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of oral NSAIDs for the treatment of acute perineal pain after childbirth is not supported by the current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tyrosine is a precursor of catecholamines and melanin. Phenylketonuria (PKU) is a rare autosomal recess
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of remotely delivered interventions in reducing caregiver burden for those caring for people with dementia. However, there is some evidence that remot
SUPPORTED. Behavioral interventions are effective in helping people quit smoking.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of random drug and alcohol testing in preventing workplace injuries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that early full enteral feeding improves growth and reduces the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in preterm or low birth weight infants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antenatal corticosteroids are effective in reducing perinatal mortality and morbidity in preterm infants. They are also effective in reducing the risk of respiratory distress
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Continuous glucose monitoring is not routinely used in preterm infants. The use of continuous glucose monitoring in preterm infants is not supported by the current clinical research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of levonorgestrel intrauterine system to prevent endometrial problems in women taking tamoxifen for breast cancer. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of care bundles in improving outcomes for ICU patients with COVID-19. Care bundles are a set of evidence-based interventions that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (effective treatments for frostbite injuries).
SUPPORTED. Primary thromboprophylaxis with LMWH reduces the risk of VTE in cancer patients receiving chemotherapy . LMWH is recommended for primary thromboprophylaxis in cancer
SUPPORTED: (Yes, antenatal interventions help reduce the risk of stillbirth). Antenatal interventions such as antenatal care, bed nets, and insecticide-treated bed nets have been shown
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. Wavefront-guided technology has been used in refractive surgery for more than 20 years. The wavefront-
SUPPORTED. . The SPRINT trial showed that intensive treatment of hypertension (target SBP < 120 mmHg) compared to standard treatment (target SBP < 140 mmHg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The visual cycle modulators are not approved for treating geographic atrophy in AMD. The current clinical trials are ongoing.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review  showed that respiratory muscle training (RMT) may improve lung function in people with cystic fib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The CFTR corrector, ivacaftor, has been approved by the FDA for use in the United States since 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of simulation-based obstetric team training to improve patient outcomes. Simulation-based training has been shown to improve teamwork and communication skills, but
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The results of the meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials showed that urgent-start peritoneal dialysis did not improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that Souvenaid improves cognitive function in people with Alzheimer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fluorescence-based devices have been shown to be effective in detecting early enamel caries. However, the evidence is limited and further research is needed to determine the effectiveness
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (survival) First-line immune checkpoint inhibitors improve survival compared to platinum-based chemotherapy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer. The KEYNOTE-024 trial showed that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Oral health care interventions can improve oral health in stroke survivors. (Brown et al., 2013; Brown et al., 2014; Brown et al., 20
SUPPORTED. (survival) Abiraterone acetate is a CYP17 inhibitor that blocks the androgen biosynthesis pathway. It has been shown to improve overall survival in met
SUPPORTED. . Reducing sodium intake has been shown to have a significant effect on blood pressure.
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is more effective than no treatment for chronic low back pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that trypanocidal drugs are effective for treating late-stage Chagas disease. However, there is evidence that trypanocidal drugs are effective for treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin D supplementation to improve linear growth in infants and children under five years of age. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical research) Vitamin D supplementation in breastfed infants is important to maintain adequate vitamin D levels. A randomized controlled trial showed that vitamin D supplementation in breastfed inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kwan et al. 2017 1 found that there is a lack of research on the effect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that early treatment of hemodynamically significant patent ductus arteriosus improves outcomes in preterm inf
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Probiotics are effective in reducing the duration of acute infectious diarrhoea in children. The Cochrane review of 2017 included 103 random
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) The use of monoclonal antibody therapies targeting IL-5 (mepolizumab and reslizumab) have been shown to reduce ex
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of N-acetylcysteine in non-paracetamol-related acute liver failure. A systematic review of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions that involve patients and families in urgent care escalation. However, there is evidence that patient-centered care improves patient outcomes in
SUPPORTED. (moderate). There is evidence that interventions aimed at helping homeless adults quit tobacco increase their chances of quitting. A systematic review of 10 studies found that interventions for smoking cessation in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of additional diagnostic tests to improve the detection of root caries in adults. The current evidence is limited to a few studies with low-quality evidence.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of gabapentinoids in the treatment of pruritus in patients with chronic kidney disease. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether any interventions are effective for treating leg cramps in pregnancy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, bone-modifying agents are used to treat skeletal complications of bone metastases and to reduce the risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of office-based therapy compared to home-based treatments for convergence insufficiency in children. However, there is evidence that both office-based and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support one endovascular treatment option over another for iliac artery occlusive disease.
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Hormone therapy is effective for transgender women in transition . Hormone therapy can be used to induce feminization of the body and is a key part of gender-affirming treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is currently no gene therapy approved for the treatment of sickle cell disease. However, there are ongoing clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of gene therapy in patients with sickle
SUPPORTED. Thoracic imaging is effective in diagnosing suspected COVID-19. The most common CT findings in COVID-19 patients are ground-glass opacity (GGO), consolidation, and interstit
SUPPORTED. Peripheral nerve block is effective in improving pain management for adults with hip fractures .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Iron-chelating drugs have been used in the treatment of acute stroke, but the results are inconsistent. Some studies have shown
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxytocin as the first-line treatment for postpartum haemorrhage. However, oxytocin is
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Pneumococcal conjugate vaccines have been shown to reduce the incidence of acute otitis media in children. The Cochrane review of 14 randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that individualizing fortification of breast milk improves growth in preterm infants. The current research on this topic is limited and the results are incon
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Progestogens and progestogen-releasing intrauterine systems are effective in treating uterine fibroids in premenopausal women. Progestogens
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of physical interventions in reducing the spread of acute respiratory viruses.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that higher protein concentration in human milk fortifiers improves growth in preterm infants. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Botulinum toxin type A is effective for treating hemifacial spasm. Botulinum toxin type A is effective for treating hemifacial spasm. Bot
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Botulinum toxin type A is effective in reducing symptoms of blepharospasm compared to placebo. The efficacy of botulinum toxin type A in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Pioglitazone reduces the risk of developing type 2 diabetes in people with impaired glucose tolerance or impaired glucose tolerance and impaired insulin secretion.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pessaries in the treatment of pelvic organ prolapse in women. However, pessaries may be useful in the management of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intravitreal steroids are effective in improving vision in patients with diabetic macular edema. Intravitreal steroids have been shown to be effective in improving vision in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that mechanically assisted walking training improves walking performance in children with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there are many studies that have shown that surgical interventions are effective for basal cell carcinoma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of systemic antimicrobials in the treatment of periodontitis. The use of systemic antimicrobials in the treatment
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is effective for treating childhood anxiety disorders compared to no treatment or alternative therapies. The efficacy of CBT for childhood anxiety disorders has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sleep disorders are common in people with dementia, and they can have a negative impact on both the person with dementia and their caregivers. However, there is currently insufficient
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Botulinum toxin type A is effective in reducing symptoms of cervical dystonia compared to placebo. The Cochrane review of 11 randomized placebo
RELIABLE: (supported). Rufinamide is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant epilepsy . Rufinamide is a novel antiepileptic drug that has been approved
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of alpha-blockers to improve the passage of kidney stones after shock wave lithotripsy. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of pharmacological treatments for continuous spike-wave during slow wave sleep syndrome or Landau-Kleffner syndrome. The current evidence is insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. (lack of evidence)
SUPPORTED. Long-acting insulin analogues reduce the risk of hypoglycaemia compared to NPH insulin in adults with type 2 diabetes. (1) A meta-analysis of randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that maintenance treatment is effective for improving the health of opioid-dependent women and their babies.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the superiority of band ligation over sclerotherapy in preventing variceal bleeding in children. However, the current evidence is insufficient to draw a
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Positive inotropic and vasodilator agents have been shown to effectively reduce mortality in patients with cardiogenic shock or low cardiac output syndrome. The use of inot
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs) are effective for detecting P. vivax malaria in endemic areas. The sensitivity of RDTs for detecting P. vivax mal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of dental sealants over fluoride varnishes in preventing dental caries in children and adolescents. The current evidence is limited to a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The systematic review by Gomes et al. 2018  included 11 studies, of which 10 were
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of extending specialized early intervention teams in improving outcomes for people with recent-onset psychosis.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend therapeutic hypothermia for patients with mild or moderate traumatic brain injury. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of low protein diets to slow the progression of chronic kidney disease to end-stage kidney disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) In patients with chronic kidney disease and proteinuria, the use of aldosterone antagonists is associated with a lower risk of death and hospitalization for heart failure, as well
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that medications for inflammatory bowel disease affect the risk of infections after surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,1
SUPPORTED. Electromechanical- and robot-assisted gait training improves walking after a stroke compared to normal care .
SUPPORTED. Virtual reality distraction is effective in reducing acute pain in children. (Brown et al., 2017; Dien et al., 2017; Dong et al.,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the preferred method between shunts and endoscopic interventions for preventing variceal rebleeding in liver cirrhosis patients. The choice of treatment depends on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of renin inhibitors for treating hypertension. The current evidence is based on a single trial that compared the effects of aliskiren with
EFFECTIVE: Interventions aimed at improving adherence to antiepileptic medication show effectiveness. The effectiveness of interventions to improve adherence to antiepileptic medication has been demonstrated in several studies. The
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Minimally invasive parathyroidectomy is more effective than bilateral neck exploration for treating primary hyperparathyroidism. Minimally invasive parathyroidect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of platinum-based chemotherapy regimens in metastatic triple-negative breast cancer has been shown to improve progression-free survival and overall survival in several clinical trials.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that PCSK9 inhibitors reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality compared to other treatments. The current research on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of NSAIDs for the treatment of after-birth pain following vaginal birth is not supported by clinical research. However
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antiemetic drugs such as 5-HT3 receptor antagonists, corticosteroids, neurokinin-1 receptor antagonists, and serotonin receptor
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of insulin therapy for managing diabetes in people with cystic fibrosis. The use of insulin therapy in this population is not recommended due
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Pentoxifylline improves walking capacity in people with intermittent claudication. Pentoxifylline is a phosphodiesterase inhibitor that increases blood flow
SUPPORTED. (moderate) CPAP reduces the need for mechanical ventilation in preterm infants with respiratory distress.
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based practices) . Implementation interventions are effective in improving adherence to evidence-based practices in stroke rehabilitation .
SUPPORTED. (evidence from KEYNOTE-426, IMmotion151, CheckMate 214, KEYNOTE-459, KEYNOTE-585,
REFUTED. Early initiation of CPAP does not reduce mortality and the need for ventilation in preterm infants with respiratory distress. The Early CPAP trial showed that early initiation of CPAP did not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics in the prevention of necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or very low birth weight infants. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of house modifications in reducing malaria transmission and infection.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is no consensus on the optimal interval for dental check-ups. The frequency of dental check-ups should be determined based on the patient's risk of developing oral diseases.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at reducing work disability for employees with depression.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (Yes, dental procedures produce aerosols that can spread infections.) Dental procedures produce aerosols and droplets. These aerosols and droplets are generated during dental procedures such as scaling
ANSWER: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiplatelet or anticoagulant agents in the prevention of recurrent thrombosis in people with ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that the evidence is insufficient to determine whether prophylactic corticosteroids
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Convalescent plasma is not a drug, but a blood product. The FDA has approved the use of convalescent plasma for the treatment of COVID-19 under an emergency
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Asparaginase is a drug used to treat acute lymphoblastic leukaemia (ALL
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 RCTs with 1,039
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vena cava filters in preventing pulmonary embolism. The use of vena cava filters is associated with an increased risk of
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Potential trial participants have specific views and experiences that influence their decision to participate in trials. The views and experiences of potential trial participants are influenced by the information they receive about the trial, their past
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The systematic review by Zhou et al. 2019  showed that household interventions effectively reduce lead exposure in children. The review included 12 studies that evaluated the effectiveness
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. BCAA supplementation is not recommended for neonates. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of BCAA supplementation in neonates. However, BCAA supplementation may be
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous oral antibiotic prophylaxis in children with cystic fibrosis. The use of continuous oral antibiotic proph
SUPPORTED. Chest imaging is effective for diagnosing COVID-19 in suspected patients. The most common imaging findings of COVID-19 are ground-glass opacity (GGO), multifocal patchy consolid
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Hospital-based specialist palliative care improves outcomes for patients with advanced illness compared to usual care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is not enough information to answer this question. Atherectomy is a procedure that removes plaque from the arteries. It is used to treat peripheral arterial
ANCA-associated vasculitis (AAV) is a group of rare systemic autoimmune diseases characterized by necrotizing inflammation of small to medium-sized vessels. The most common subtypes of AAV
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preventive strategies to reduce the occurrence of mastitis in breastfeeding women. The current research does not provide enough information to support the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of phytomedicines for the treatment of sickle cell disease. However, there are some studies that have shown that some plant extracts may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether combining other treatments with cervical cerclage prolongs pregnancy in women at high risk of preterm birth.
SUPPORTED. Motor imagery is a technique that involves mentally simulating a movement without actually performing it. It has been shown to improve motor function in stroke patients. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 13 randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to restrict access to means of suicide on roads. However, there is evidence that interventions to restrict access to means of suicide are effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of protein supplementation of human milk to improve growth in preterm infants. However, there is evidence that protein supplementation of human milk may improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Prehabilitation is a process of optimizing physical, psychological, and social function before surgery to improve postoperative outcomes. It has been shown to improve postoperative outcomes in patients undergoing
SUPPORTED. (moderate alcohol intake increases blood pressure, reducing alcohol intake lowers blood pressure) . Reducing alcohol intake is associated with a reduction in blood pressure in people with hypertension.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of magnesium supplementation to prevent skeletal muscle cramps. Magnesium is a cofactor for many enzymatic reactions, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Breast engorgement is a common problem in breastfeeding women. It is characterized by pain, swelling, and increased breast firmness. The exact cause of breast engorgement is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antimicrobial mouthwashes and nasal sprays to protect healthcare workers from COVID-19 infection. The use of antim
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antimicrobial mouthwashes and nasal sprays to prevent COVID-19 in patients or protect healthcare workers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antimicrobial mouthwashes and nasal sprays to reduce the risk of COVID-19 transmission during aerosol-gener
SUPPORTED. Dupilumab is more effective than other treatments for moderate to severe eczema . Dupilumab is a monoclonal antibody that targets the interleukin-4 (IL
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on the effectiveness of aural toileting for treating ear discharge in chronic suppurative otitis media is limited.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Carotid endarterectomy reduces the risk of recurrent stroke in patients with symptomatic carotid stenosis. The North American Symptomatic Carotid Endarter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The evidence is insufficient to support the hypothesis that taxing the fat content in food reduces fat consumption and obesity rates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of procalcitonin, C-reactive protein, or erythrocyte sedimentation rate in diagnosing urinary tract
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. . The SPRINT trial showed that lowering systolic blood pressure to less than 120 mmHg in patients with hypertension and high risk of cardiovascular disease was associated with lower rates of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to reduce the time to diagnose brain tumours. However, there is evidence that the use of artificial intelligence (AI) in the
SUPPORTED. Education and training interventions effectively reduce workplace aggression against healthcare workers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of supplementing human milk with carbohydrates to improve growth and health outcomes in preterm infants. However, there is evidence that supplement
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preimplantation genetic testing for aneuploidies in improving IVF outcomes for women. The current evidence is conflicting and does not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of psychological and social interventions in preventing mental disorders in people living in humanitarian settings.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychological treatments can improve quality of life for people with epilepsy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of tafenoquine in preventing relapses of P. vivax malaria. The efficacy of tafenoquine in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin E supplementation in people with cystic fibrosis. While vitamin E deficiency is common in people with cyst
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has shown that the use of beta-blockers with partial agonist activity can lower blood pressure during the day and
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based psychosocial interventions for refugees and asylum seekers are effective in reducing symptoms of mental health problems).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kwok et al. 2018 1 found that there is a lack of studies on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) UA-lowering agents reduce blood pressure in people with hypertension. The lowering of blood pressure is a well-known effect of UA-lowering agents. The effect is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adherence compounds in embryo transfer media to improve pregnancy outcomes in assisted reproduction. The current evidence is limited to a single
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of complementary alternative therapies to reduce pain after a caesarean section.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal oxygenation target in patients with ARDS is not well defined. The optimal SpO2 target in patients with ARDS is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Citicoline is a naturally occurring compound that is rapidly taken up by the brain and is converted to cytidine triphosphate (CTP) and phosphatidylch
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Oral 5-ASA is effective for maintaining remission in ulcerative colitis compared to placebo. The efficacy of 5-ASA in inducing and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of educational interventions in preventing lead poisoning in workers exposed to lead.
SUPPORTED. Xpert MTB/RIF and Xpert Ultra are effective for diagnosing tuberculosis in children. Xpert MTB/RIF and Xpert Ultra are rapid molecular tests that can detect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that any intervention improves the cure rate for American cutaneous and mucocutaneous leishmaniasis. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether home induction of labour is as safe as inpatient induction for mothers and their babies. The current research has shown that home induction of labour is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Point-of-care tests are effective for diagnosing current SARS-CoV-2 infection in clinical settings. Point-of-care tests are rapid diagnostic tests that can be performed outside of a laboratory
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of proton pump inhibitors in reducing COPD exacerbations. However, there is evidence that proton pump inhibitors may increase the risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on radiotherapy for treating neovascular age-related macular degeneration is still in the exploratory stage,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical steroids in the treatment of chronic suppurative otitis media. The use of topical steroids in the treatment of chronic supp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that adding fat to human milk improves growth and development in preterm infants. However, there is evidence that human milk feeding is associated with improved
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Behavioural activation is effective for treating depression in adults with non-communicable diseases. Behavioural activation is a form of psychotherapy that focuses on changing maladaptive
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Antipsychotic drugs are effective in reducing the risk of relapse in people with schizophrenia . However, the effect of antipsychotic drugs on relapse prevention is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical mydriatic agents in the treatment of traumatic iridocyclitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that intravenous immunoglobulin improves survival in patients with presumed viral myocarditis. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of alternative modes of supervised exercise therapy over traditional walking exercise to improve walking distance in patients with intermittent claudication.
SUPPORTED. . The reduction of saturated fat intake is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular events. The evidence is based on a large number of randomized controlled trials and cohort studies. The results
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend antibiotic therapy for the treatment of PID. However, there is no evidence that antibiotic regim
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that the efficacy of alternative primaquine regimens is not inferior to that of standard regim
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The surgical techniques for primary congenital glaucoma are varied and include trabeculotomy, trabeculot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of stem cell-based interventions for treating hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy in newborn
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Mobile technologies improve communication between healthcare providers and patient outcomes compared to usual care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that Retzius-sparing robotic-assisted laparoscopic prostatectomy improves continence outcomes compared to standard rob
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of targeted client communication via mobile devices to improve maternal, neonatal, and child health outcomes.
SUPPORTED. . Multiple antiplatelet agents are more effective than fewer agents in preventing stroke recurrence after an ischaemic stroke or TIA. The use of multiple antiplatelet agents, such as aspirin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness and safety of aromatherapy for people with dementia. Aromatherapy is a complementary and alternative therapy that uses essential oils extracted
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to improve routine health information systems on health system management and patient outcomes.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Glucose-lowering agents are effective and safe for treating diabetes in kidney transplant recipients. The use of glucose-lowering agents is recommended in kidney transplant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic antibiotics to prevent surgical site infections in solid organ transplant recipients. However, there is evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that mobility management interventions can reduce car driving among teenagers aged 15 to 19 years.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. NSAIDs are not more effective than other oral analgesics for treating acute soft tissue injuries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of RCTs (11 RCTs, n = 1,20
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Psychological interventions can reduce pain and disability in adults with chronic pain. Psychological interventions are effective in reducing pain and disability in adults with chronic pain. Psychological interventions are effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of metformin for treating women with polycystic ovary syndrome is not clear. The safety of metformin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preoperative rHuEPO therapy with iron to reduce the need for blood transfusions in anaemic adults undergoing non-
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Endovascular therapy plus medical treatment effectively prevent recurrent strokes in patients with intracranial atherosclerotic stenosis. The Endovascular Treatment for Ather
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Oral 5-ASA is effective for inducing remission in ulcerative colitis compared to placebo. The efficacy of 5-ASA in inducing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that personally tailored activities improve the quality of life for people with dementia living at home.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that targeted client communication via mobile devices improves sexual and reproductive health outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium sulfate is not recommended for routine use in acute asthma exacerbations in children. However, it may be considered in status asthmaticus . In
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of rituximab for treating inhibitors in people with severe hemophilia A or B. Rituximab is used to treat autoimm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of community-level interventions on access to nutritious food in low- and middle-inc
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy is effective for people with cystic fibrosis. Pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy is effective in improving weight gain, nutritional
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of printed educational materials to improve healthcare professionals' practice and patient health outcomes.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the setting and technique of blood pressure measurement affect outcomes in pregnant women with hypertensive disorders.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There are several prognostic models for chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (CLL) patients, but their predictive accuracy is limited. The International Progn
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based treatment) . The current clinical research has shown that antimuscarinic drugs, such as oxybutynin, tolterodine, solifenacin,
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Vigabatrin is an effective antiepileptic drug for the treatment of drug-resistant focal epilepsy . It is a potent and specific irreversible inhib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that early fortification of human milk improves growth in preterm infants. The current research has shown that early fortification of human milk does not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of community-level interventions on access to nutritious food in low- and middle-inc
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: A) The addition of intracameral lidocaine to topical anaesthesia reduces pain during cataract surgery. The addition of intracameral lidocaine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of chronic blood transfusions in preventing strokes in children with sickle cell disease. However, there is evidence that chronic blood trans
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Intrahepatic cholestasis of pregnancy (ICP) is a common pregnancy-specific liver disease. The pathogenesis of ICP is not clear, but it is generally
SUPPORTED. Zonisamide is effective as an add-on treatment for focal epilepsy that is not controlled by other medications. Zonisamide is a sulfonamide derivative that has been approved
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of any specific technique for removing mandibular wisdom teeth over other techniques. The choice of technique should be based on the surgeon's experience
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aspirin is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that is commonly used to
SUPPORTED. Chest ultrasonography is more accurate than chest X-ray for diagnosing pneumothorax in trauma patients . Chest ultrasonography is a reliable and accurate method for diagnosing pneum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support the use of GLP-1 receptor agonists in Parkinson's disease. However, there is some evidence that GLP-1 receptor
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, beta-blockers are used in the treatment of heart failure in adults, but there is no evidence that they are effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of certain medications to reduce heavy menstrual bleeding during pandemics.
SUPPORTED. Pedometer interventions in the workplace have been shown to effectively increase physical activity and improve health outcomes .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Serum BDG is a sensitive marker for the diagnosis of invasive fungal infections in immunocompromised patients . However, the specificity of serum BDG is
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Thromboprophylaxis is effective in preventing venous thromboembolism in people undergoing major amputation of the lower extremity.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence in the literature that internal iliac artery revascularisation reduces complications compared to occlusion during endovascular repair of aorto-iliac aneurysms
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of interventions for managing obesity in people with bipolar disorder was conducted.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of any specific prophylactic intervention to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in conversion and dissociative disorders in adults. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of non-occupational interventions in reducing sedentary behavior in adults under 60 years of age.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the topic was conducted, and no relevant studies were found.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of iron-fortified wheat flour to improve anaemia and iron status in populations. The current evidence is limited to a few studies with incons
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. A low-phenylalanine diet is effective for people with phenylketonuria .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 studies and found no evidence that adjuvant antibiotics
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether inducing labor at or beyond 37 weeks reduces the risk of perinatal death compared to waiting for spontaneous labor. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the use of Cerebrolysin in acute ischaemic stroke showed that there was no significant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Convalescent plasma is not a drug, but a blood product. The FDA has approved the use of convalescent plasma for the treatment of COVID-19 under an emergency
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. . Anti-VEGF treatment improves vision in patients with macular oedema due to branch retinal vein occlusion.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological interventions have been shown to have a positive effect on adolescents with psychosis. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient information to answer this question. The signs and symptoms of COVID-19 are not specific and can be confused with other diseases. The most common symptoms are fever
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the optimal treatment for mycosis fungoides at all stages of the disease. The treatment of mycosis fungoides is based on the stage of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Behavioural activation is an effective treatment for depression compared to other therapies and medications .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that preoperative blood transfusion in people with sickle cell disease reduces complications during surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mHealth-delivered education for people with heart failure. The current research has shown mixed results. A systematic review of 11 studies
LABEL: SUPPORTED. High-dose alcohol consumption can cause a short-term increase in blood pressure and heart rate. The effect is dose-dependent and can be more pronounced in individuals with pre-existing hypert
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Lamotrigine is effective for treating drug-resistant primary generalised tonic-clonic seizures .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal management of asymptomatic abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAA) between 4.0
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of reflective materials during phototherapy for neonatal jaundice. The current research has not provided enough information to determine whether the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Psychological therapies are effective in reducing depression in women experiencing intimate partner violence.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The F1 rapid diagnostic test is effective for detecting plague in suspected cases . The F1 test is a lateral flow immunochromatographic assay that detects the presence
SUPPORTED. Levetiracetam is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant focal epilepsy . The efficacy of levetiracetam as an add-on treatment for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The ketogenic diet has been shown to be effective in reducing seizures in people with drug-resistant epilepsy. The ketogenic diet is a high-fat
EFFECTIVE: Yes, potassium binders are effective for treating chronic hyperkalaemia in patients with chronic kidney disease . The use of potassium binders is associated with a reduction in serum potass
SUPPORTED. (The sensitivity of antibody tests is higher in the second week after the onset of symptoms and the specificity is high.)
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of different antiseptic agents for skin preparation before a caesarean section to reduce the risk of infection. The current evidence is insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics in women with gestational diabetes. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that higher protein intake during the initial hospital stay improves growth in formula-fed low birth weight infants. The current research has not provided enough
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Retinitis pigmentosa (RP) is a group of inherited disorders of the photoreceptors that cause degeneration of the retina. It is a leading cause of blindness in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of cognitive-behavioral therapy for adolescents with problematic sexual behavior was conducted
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Misoprostol is effective in preventing postpartum hemorrhage. The World Health Organization recommends the use of misoprostol for the prevention of postpartum hemorrh
SUPPORTED. Newborn screening for galactosaemia helps prevent severe health issues in affected infants . The early diagnosis of galactosemia allows for the timely initiation of a galactose-restr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of anticoagulation prophylaxis with low molecular weight heparin to reduce CVC-related thrombosis in children. However,
SUPPORTED. (dose-dependent manner) Pitavastatin is a member of the statin family of drugs that are commonly used to lower cholesterol levels in the blood. The effectiveness of pitavast
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A randomized controlled trial comparing the efficacy of PACK-CXL with standard therapy alone for bacterial keratitis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different types of shunt devices for hydrocephalus have varying effectiveness and adverse effects. The effectiveness of shunt devices is measured by the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,000 patients showed that there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of progestogen-releasing intrauterine devices (IUDs) is effective in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding. A systematic review and meta-analysis of random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common medical condition that develops or is first recognized during pregnancy. The prevalence of GDM is increasing worldwide, and it is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Jolt accentuation of headache is a characteristic feature of meningitis in children. However, it is not a reliable clinical sign to detect acute meningitis in emergency settings. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 studies and found that the evidence was insufficient to determine the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of biofilm testing to improve antibiotic treatment for lung infections in cystic fibrosis patients is an active
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The decision to stop taking antihypertensive medications in older people should be made by the patient and the healthcare provider, taking into
SUPPORTED. Metformin monotherapy improves important health outcomes for adults with type 2 diabetes. Metformin is the first-line treatment for type 2 diabetes. It is safe and effective in reducing blood gluc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of rapid tests for group A streptococcus in sore throat patients has been shown to reduce the prescription of antibiotics in some studies, but not in others. The reasons
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vitamin K is an essential nutrient that is required for the synthesis of coagulation factors II, VII, IX, and X. Vitamin K deficiency can lead to coag
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mechanical assist devices in acute cardiogenic shock. The use of mechanical circulatory support devices in acute cardiogenic shock is
SUPPORTED. Radical prostatectomy is the standard of care for patients with localized prostate cancer. Radical prostatectomy has been shown to improve cancer outcomes compared to deferred treatment in multiple randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of multi-nutrient fortified human milk to improve growth rates in preterm infants without increasing adverse effects.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Telephone-delivered interventions can help reduce cancer-related symptoms. A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that telephone-delivered interventions can reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The effect of dietary fat on body fatness is not clear. Some studies have shown that a low-fat diet can lead to a reduction in body fat, while others have shown
SUPPORTED. Screening for type 2 diabetes mellitus is supported by the clinical research. The American Diabetes Association recommends screening for type 2 diabetes mellitus in adults who are overweight or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Non-contact tests such as the corneal thickness, anterior chamber depth, and anterior chamber angle measurements can be used to identify people at risk of angle closure glaucoma. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Stiripentol is a potent inhibitor of voltage-gated sodium channels and is used as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant epilepsy. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of vitamin D supplementation in sickle cell disease patients found that the evidence was ins
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antenatal corticosteroids are effective in reducing perinatal mortality and morbidity in preterm births. Antenatal corticosteroids are recommended for women at risk
SUPPORTED. Mental practice is a form of motor imagery, which is a type of mental rehearsal of a motor task without any physical movement. It has been shown to improve motor function in stroke patients. A systematic
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . There is evidence that interventions aimed at increasing fruit and vegetable consumption effectively improve dietary habits in children under five. A systematic review of 12 studies found that interventions in child
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of non-nutritive sweeteners on health outcomes in people with diabetes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of endotherapies for the treatment of Barrett's oesophagus with early neoplasias. The current guidelines recommend surgery as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the existence of factors influencing the use of nicotine replacement therapy and e-cigarettes in pregnancy.
SUPPORTED. Video calls can help reduce loneliness in older adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) 0525 trial compared the standard dose of 6
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dietary interventions to improve health outcomes in people with multiple sclerosis.
SUPPORTED. . The reduction of saturated fat intake is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular events. The evidence is based on a large number of randomized controlled trials and cohort studies. The results
SUPPORTED. Oral galactagogues, such as domperidone and metoclopramide, have been shown to increase milk production in breastfeeding mothers . However, the use of herbal galact
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Adalimumab is effective for maintaining remission in people with quiescent Crohn's disease. The efficacy of adalimumab in maintaining remission in people with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is currently insufficient evidence to support the use of Avatar Therapy in people with schizophrenia who hear voices. A systematic review by Koenig et al. (2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of the Ponseti technique over other treatments for clubfoot. The Ponseti technique is a commonly used method for the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The use of full-body personal protective equipment (PPE) is recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Centers for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of combination susceptibility testing to guide antibiotic therapy for cystic fibrosis exacerbations.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that artificial corneas are superior to donor corneas in patients with failed corneal transplants. However, the use of artificial corneas is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clear evidence that one antibiotic regimen is superior to another in the treatment of infective endocarditis. The choice of antibiotics should be based on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of convalescent plasma or hyperimmune immunoglobulin transfusion for treating COVID-19
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that anti-EGFR therapies improve survival in adults with glioblastoma. The phase III randomized clinical trial (RCT) AVAglio (N
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of anti-inflammatory medications to prevent major cardiovascular events in people with a history of ischaemic stroke or TIA
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral protein-based nutritional supplements to improve the nutritional state of patients with chronic kidney disease on dialysis. The current
EFFECTIVE: The effectiveness of interventions to improve medication adherence in older adults has been demonstrated in several studies. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions to improve
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Pelvic floor muscle training (PFMT) is effective in preventing and treating urinary incontinence in pregnant and postnatal women. PFMT is a safe and cost-effective intervention
SUPPORTED. Screening for hypertension can effectively reduce related health issues.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to reduce the risk of blood clots in patients undergoing knee arthroscopy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has not been conducted to compare the efficacy of monthly and non-monthly injections of anti-VE
SUPPORTED. In-bag morcellation during laparoscopic myomectomy is safer than uncontained power morcellation. In-bag morcellation is associated with a lower risk of dissemination
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The decision to remove asymptomatic disease-free impacted wisdom teeth should be based on the individual clinical situation and the risk of future
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of indoor salt water baths with UVB light for the treatment of chronic plaque psoriasis. A systematic review of the literature did not
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The efficacy of psychotherapy for BPD has been demonstrated in multiple randomized controlled trials (RCTs) [1, 2]. In a meta-analysis of 12
REFUTED. There is no evidence that chelation therapy improves clinical outcomes in people with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. The ASCEND trial (n = 10,251) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (supported). Enuresis alarms are effective in treating bedwetting in children. The effectiveness of enuresis alarms in treating bedwetting in children has been demonstrated in several clinical trials.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of physical activity interventions on the health of individuals with non-advanced colorectal cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aspirin and heparin in women with antiphospholipid antibodies.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2018 included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of oral PDE₄ inhibitors in the treatment of stable COPD is not recommended. However, the use of oral P
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,000 patients showed that there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of topical treatments for acne compared to other treatments. The choice of treatment should be based on the type of acne, the severity
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in reducing symptoms of sore throat. However, there is some evidence that corticosteroids may be effective in reducing the duration
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of organisational interventions in reducing workplace aggression towards healthcare workers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Oscillating positive expiratory pressure (OPEP) is a technique that uses a device to generate oscillations during ex
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of normal saline as effective as heparin for preventing occlusion in long-term central venous catheters in infants and children. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-inflammatory medications to prevent dementia. However, there is some evidence that non-steroidal anti-inflam
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature does not provide sufficient information to answer this question.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Inhaled bronchodilators, mucolytics, and oxygen therapy are effective in relieving breathlessness in people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that hand washing with ash is effective in reducing the spread of infections compared to hand washing with soap. However, the use of soap and water is recommended by the WHO
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether antiepileptic drugs are effective in preventing seizures after craniotomy.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Liposomal amphotericin B is more effective than alternative antifungals for treating progressive disseminated histoplasmosis in people with HIV. Liposomal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that vitamin C supplementation can prevent or treat pneumonia. However, vitamin C supplementation may reduce the duration of mechanical ventilation and length of hospital stay
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antiseptic solutions to clean the vagina before cesarean delivery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that indocyanine green fluorescence angiography can help prevent mastectomy skin flap necrosis in breast reconstruction. However, there is
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that the transverse groin incision is safer than the vertical groin incision for accessing the femoral artery. The vertical groin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that talc poudrage or talc slurry is effective in the treatment of malignant pleural effusion. However, there is some evidence that talc
SUPPORTED. Shoulder replacement surgery is beneficial for adults with shoulder osteoarthritis. The clinical outcomes of shoulder replacement surgery are improved shoulder function and reduced pain.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of simulated presence therapy to improve behavioral symptoms in people with dementia. A systematic review of 10 studies found that simulated presence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The MMR and MMRV vaccines are effective and safe for children. The MMR vaccine has been shown to be effective in preventing measles, mumps, and rubella infections
SUPPORTED. Clonazepam is effective as an add-on therapy for drug-resistant epileptic seizures . Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine that has been used as an
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium alone or in combination with vitamin D to improve healing in children with nutritional rickets. The current evidence is limited to case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) NSAIDs are more effective than placebo for treating acute low back pain. The current evidence suggests that NSAIDs are more effective than placebo for treating acute low back pain
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . There is evidence that exercise training improves physical activity in people with COPD.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the type of personal protective equipment used by healthcare workers affects their risk of infection during epidemics.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The current evidence supports the use of anthelmintic drugs for treating Ascaris lumbricoides infection. Albendazole and mebendazole are the most commonly
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that omega-3 supplementation
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Epidural corticosteroid injections are effective in reducing pain and disability in patients with lumbosacral radicular pain compared to placebo. A systematic review of 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that patient-initiated appointment systems improve outcomes for patients with chronic conditions compared to consultant-led systems.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al. 2019 1 found that there was no significant difference in the incidence
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Clonidine is a α2-adrenergic agonist that is used to treat neonatal pain. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. EEG is not recommended in children with simple febrile seizures. However, EEG is recommended in children with complex febrile seizures to rule out non-convuls
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of educational interventions aimed at reducing aflatoxin exposure in improving growth outcomes in children and pregnant women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that rinse-free hand washing reduces illness-related absenteeism in children. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support this statement
SUPPORTED. Quarantine is an effective method to reduce the spread of COVID-19 .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that zinc supplementation improves growth or reduces infections in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The optimal time to start parenteral nutrition in preterm infants is still unknown. However, there is evidence that early init
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. Antimetabolites are not recommended for use in DCR surgery. However, the use of antimetabolites in DCR surgery
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of one method over the other. However, femtosecond laser-assisted LASIK (FS-LAS
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Educational and supportive strategies can improve CPAP adherence in patients with sleep apnea.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no proven effective treatment for priapism in sickle cell disease. The current treatment is mainly symptomatic and includes oxygen therapy, hydration, and phosphodiester
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prescription spectacles to prevent strabismus in infants and children with hyperopia. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether prescription spect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. SUDEP is a rare event and the exact mechanism of SUDEP is not known. However, it is thought to be related to the severity of seizures and the duration of ep
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of different antibiotic regimens for treating Burkholderia cepacia complex infections in cystic fibrosis patients. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Lactoferrin is a protein that has been studied for its potential to prevent sepsis in preterm neonates. However, the current evidence is insufficient to support the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence of effective treatments for managing advanced liver disease in cystic fibrosis patients. The current treatment options are mainly supportive and include nutritional supplements, antibiotics
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that health workers have varied perceptions and experiences when using mobile health technologies in primary care. For example, a study conducted in 2019 found that health workers had mixed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic antibiotics in women undergoing operative vaginal deliveries. The Cochrane review on this topic found no clear
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the use of breathing exercises to improve asthma management.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of different types of death audits and reviews in reducing maternal and child mortality. However, the results of the studies reviewed suggest that death aud
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clear evidence that chemoradiotherapy is more effective than other treatments for elderly patients with glioblastoma. The optimal treatment for elderly patients with glioblastoma is still
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Lamotrigine is effective in reducing seizure frequency in people with drug-resistant focal epilepsy. The efficacy of lamotrigine in reducing seizure frequency
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Fitness training after a stroke helps reduce death and disability. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 600 participants showed that fitness training after
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best glucocorticoid replacement regimen for treating congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018 included 11 studies and found that there was no consensus on the effectiveness of antib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that psychological therapies help people with hemophilia cope better with their condition. However, there is evidence that psychological therapies can help people with hemophilia cope better with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research on this topic is limited and the results are inconsistent. Some studies suggest that sustained lung inflation may improve outcomes for new
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Postnatal corticosteroids are effective and safe for treating transient tachypnoea of the newborn. Transient tachypnoea of the newborn (TTN
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
REFUTED. The use of calcitonin testing is not recommended for the diagnosis of medullary thyroid carcinoma. The calcitonin level is not elevated in most patients with medullary thyroid
SUPPORTED. Benzoyl peroxide is effective for treating acne .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of health education interventions to help women present earlier for endometrial cancer symptoms.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend TAE or TACE for the treatment of liver metastases. However, TACE may be considered
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is sufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of peer-led Alcoholics Anonymous interventions in achieving abstinence and reducing alcohol-related consequences.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that fibrin sealants can effectively prevent postoperative pancreatic fistula after pancreatic surgery. However, there are some studies that have shown
EFFECTIVE: The self-administered medical abortion is as effective as the provider-administered medical abortion. The self-administered medical abortion is a safe and effective method of abortion. The self-administer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Hydrus microstent is a novel ab interno trabecular micro-bypass device that was designed to create a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ovarian function suppression in premenopausal women with hormone receptor-positive early breast cancer. The use of o
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of sclerotherapy in the prevention of variceal bleeding in children with chronic liver disease. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamins and minerals to reduce the risk of lung cancer in healthy people. However, there is some evidence that high doses of vit
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of smoking cessation pharmacotherapies and electronic cigarettes in pregnant women. The use of nicotine replacement therapy (NRT)
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oxcabazepine is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant focal epilepsy . Oxcabazepine is a 10-keto
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics in inducing remission in people with active ulcerative colitis. However, probiotics are generally considered safe and may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that probiotics were effective in inducing remission
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intra-uterine insemination with ovarian hyperstimulation for couples with unexplained subfertility.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness of TENS for pain management in people with sickle cell
SUPPORTED. (severe fatigue is a common symptom in childhood cancer survivors)
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Structural MRI is effective for the early diagnosis of dementia due to Alzheimer's disease in people with mild cognitive impairment. Structural MRI can detect changes in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is not enough information to support the hypothesis that drinking green tea reduces the risk of cancer.
SUPPORTED. Omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, including coronary heart disease, stroke, and heart failure . The mechanism of action is thought to be related to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzodiazepines for the treatment of delirium in non-ICU settings. The use of benzodiazepines
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Home fortification of foods with multiple micronutrient powders is effective in improving nutrition in children under two years of age.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the use of hypertonic saline in cystic fibrosis found no studies that compared
SUPPORTED. Computerised cognitive training improves cognitive function in older adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of methods for increasing acceptance of local anaesthetic in children during dental treatment. The current research does not provide sufficient information to support the effectiveness of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of advance care planning in improving outcomes for people with heart failure. However, there is evidence that advance care planning can improve outcomes for people with other chronic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether membrane sweeping is effective for inducing labour in women at or near term. The Cochrane systematic review by O’Connell et al.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2019  included 11 studies that evaluated the effectiveness of telerehabilitation on vision
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cognitive training improves cognition in people with Parkinson's disease-related cognitive impairment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that carotid artery stenting is safer than carotid endarterectomy for treating carotid stenosis. The choice of treatment should be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that restricting access to jumping sites can help reduce suicides by jumping.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Transcranial Doppler and transcranial colour Doppler are effective in detecting stenosis and occlusion of intracranial large arteries in acute ischa
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine the effectiveness of dihydrocodeine in reducing illicit opiate use compared to other treatments. A systematic review by Kahan et al. (2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a specific dose of unfractionated heparin for the prevention of arterial thrombosis in children undergoing cardiac cathe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of early erythropoiesis-stimulating agents to reduce red blood cell transfusions in preterm infants. The Co
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of erythropoietin for reducing the need for blood transfusions in preterm infants. The Cochrane review by Oh
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of laparoscopic ovarian drilling in women with PCOS who are resistant to clomiphe
EFFECTIVE: Yes, ibuprofen is effective for closing a patent ductus arteriosus in preterm infants . SAFER: Yes, ibuprofen is safer than indomethacin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of strategies aimed at improving childcare services in promoting healthy eating and physical activity in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2015 included 11 RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of acupuncture or acupressure for pain management during labor. However, there is some evidence that acupuncture may be effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that percutaneous pinning is more effective than cast immobilisation for treating distal radius fractures. The choice of treatment depends on the type of fracture,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Liu et al. 2019 1 showed that there was no significant difference in the incidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intraocular anti-VEGF medications are not currently recommended for the treatment of neovascular glaucoma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no difference in clinical outcomes between monotherapy and combination therapy for treating primary
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Percutaneous ethanol injection is a minimally invasive procedure that involves the injection of ethanol into the liver tumor to destroy the tumor cells. It is commonly used to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Surfactant treatment is not indicated for neonates with pulmonary hemorrhage. However, surfactant treatment is indicated for neonates with respiratory distress syndrome (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective drug treatment for spinal muscular atrophy types II and III. The only approved treatment is nusinersen, a modified antisense oligonuc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hygiene and emollient interventions to maintain skin integrity in older people in care settings. The current evidence is limited by the small number
SUPPORTED. Telerehabilitation is as effective as in-person rehabilitation in improving daily living activities for stroke survivors. (Both telerehabilitation and in-person rehabilitation improve daily living activities for stroke
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of myomectomy to improve fertility outcomes in women with fibroids. However, myomectomy may be considered in women with fib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous immunoglobulin in preventing nosocomial infections in preterm or low birth weight infants. A Cochr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) is a blood product that contains antibodies against a wide range of pathogens. It is used in the treatment
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Rapid point-of-care testing is effective for detecting Chlamydia trachomatis infection. The rapid point-of-care testing is a diagnostic test that can be performed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of exercise to prevent or manage musculoskeletal symptoms caused by aromatase inhibitors in women with breast cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of late administration of erythropoiesis-stimulating agents to reduce the need for red blood cell transfusions in preterm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is a lack of high
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Traditional suburethral sling procedures are effective for treating stress urinary incontinence in women. The traditional suburethral sling procedures include the transobturator tape
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of hormone replacement therapy (HRT) in women with a history of ovarian cancer is controversial. On the one
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based treatment) . There is evidence that antidepressant medication and psychological interventions can help reduce depression after a stroke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ibuprofen for the prevention of patent ductus arteriosus in preterm infants. The Cochrane review of pro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of paracetamol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by  found that low vision rehabilitation interventions can improve quality of life for visually impaired adults. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of tofacitinib in maintaining remission in ulcerative colitis is still under investigation. A phase
SUPPORTED. (dose-dependent manner) . Cerivastatin is a potent inhibitor of HMG-CoA reductase, the rate-limiting enzyme in the cholesterol b
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The evidence for topical treatment of toenail fungal infections is limited and the results are inconsistent. Some studies have shown
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Yttrium-90 microsphere transarterial radioembolisation is a safe and effective treatment for patients with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma. It can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on the effectiveness of topical agents and wound dressings for the healing of arterial leg ulcers
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of anti-inflammatory drugs for treating obstructive sleep apnoea in children is not supported by the current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). There is evidence that interventions such as reminders, education, and financial incentives can improve vaccine uptake among adolescents.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Resveratrol is a polyphenol compound found in grapes, red wine, peanuts, and other plants. It has been suggested to have anti-inflammatory
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The use of antibiotic prophylaxis in patients with cirrhosis and ascites has not been shown to reduce the incidence of SBP. The use of antibiotic prophylaxis in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of G-CSF in women undergoing assisted reproductive technology. A systematic review published in 2016 included 11
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics in the treatment of cystic fibrosis. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials in children and adults with cyst
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. (The use of antipsychotic drugs is effective in reducing the severity of delirium symptoms in terminally ill adults.)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the statement that early postoperative radiotherapy is more effective than delayed radiotherapy for low-grade gliomas. The current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of blood transfusion in treating acute chest syndrome in sickle cell disease. However, blood transfusion is used to treat acute chest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the concentration of inspired oxygen affects outcomes for people with acute exacerbations of COPD. The current research does not provide sufficient information to
SUPPORTED. (Evidence-based). Myopia is a common condition in which the eye length increases, causing the image to be focused in front of the retina. This condition can be corrected with glasses or contact l
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Interim PET scans are not routinely performed in adults with Hodgkin lymphoma receiving first-line therapy. However, interim PET scans can be used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct comparison between carboplatin-based and cisplatin-based chemotherapy in advanced NSCLC. However, there are several studies comparing carboplatin-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate-to-severe psoriasis) Biologic treatments are more effective than placebo for moderate-to-severe psoriasis. The efficacy of biolog
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether BCG therapy reduces the risk of recurrence in bladder cancer compared to M
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is effective for treating tinnitus in adults. CBT is a psychological treatment that focuses on changing the way people think about and react
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the effectiveness of topical antiseptics for treating chronic suppurative otitis media is limited and the results
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that caregiver involvement improves children's diet and physical activity behaviors.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The relationship between periodontal disease and cardiovascular disease is complex and multifactorial. The current evidence suggests that periodont
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The PFAPA syndrome is a rare disease, and the number of patients is limited. The current research is mainly case reports
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of different imaging strategies to improve health outcomes for adults with glioma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of endovascular stent grafts compared to conventional surgery for treating asymptomatic popliteal artery aneurysms. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on the effectiveness of intravenous iron therapy for treating non-anaemic iron deficiency in adults was
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Transcatheter aortic valve implantation (TAVI) is associated with lower rates of all-cause mortality and stroke compared to surgical aortic valve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  found that there was no evidence to support the use of intradermal fraction
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Racecadotril is a dipeptidyl peptidase IV inhibitor that has been used to treat diarrhoea in adults. However, there is currently insufficient
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that cell-based therapy is effective for treating ALS/MND. However, there are ongoing clinical trials to evaluate the safety and efficacy of cell-based therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of food fortification with multiple micronutrients in improving health outcomes in the general population.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of omega-3 and omega-6 supplements for the treatment of dry eye. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized
SUPPORTED. (moderate). The efficacy of standard pharmacological treatments in adults with treatment-resistant depression is supported by clinical research.
SUPPORTED. The ACE-III and mini-ACE are effective tools for detecting dementia and mild cognitive impairment . The ACE-III is a 3-subtest version of the ACE,
REFUTED. There is no significant benefit to the treatment being investigated. The use of the combination of aspirin and clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is associated with a higher risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The efficacy of metformin in improving reproductive outcomes in women with PCOS is inconclusive. Some studies have shown that metformin can improve menstrual regular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing toric intraocular lenses and limbal relaxing incisions for the
SUPPORTED. Beta-blockers reduce mortality in patients with acute myocardial infarction . The Beta-Blocker Trial in Acute Myocardial Infarction (BETAM
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. (insufficient evidence for the question in current research)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of target of rapamycin inhibitors to improve long-term outcomes for kidney transplant recipients. The current evidence is limited to short-
SUPPORTED. (moderate) A Cochrane review of 10 studies found that interventions for female drug-using offenders were effective in reducing criminal activity (effect size = 0.38,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  showed that there was no high-quality evidence to support the use of proph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2011  included 11 RCTs with 1,100
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) is effective for treating chronic neck pain. TENS is a non-invasive, safe, and inexpensive method that can be used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,26
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Psychosocial interventions are more effective than standard care in reducing substance use in people with serious mental illness.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Shortened regimens are as effective as the standard six-month regimen. The WHO recommends a 4-month regimen for drug-sensitive pulmonary tuber
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Modafinil is a wakefulness-promoting agent that is used to treat sleepiness associated with narcolepsy, obstructive sleep apnea, and shift work sleep disorder. It
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Ustekinumab is effective for maintaining remission in Crohn's disease. Ustekinumab is a human monoclonal antibody that binds to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that drug therapy can help slow or stop the progression of spinal muscular atrophy type I. However, there is evidence that nusinersen can improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions for managing halitosis due to oral diseases. The current research has not provided enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . Losigamone is not approved for use in epilepsy. There is currently insufficient evidence to support the use of losigamone as an add-on
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic colposuspension is effective for treating urinary incontinence in women. Laparoscopic colposuspension is a surgical procedure that involves
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that any treatment is effective for primary delusional infestation. The current evidence is based on case reports and case series. There is a need for randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the benefits of surgical
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Preoperative iron therapy reduces the need for blood transfusions in anaemic patients undergoing surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Exercise training is effective in improving muscle strength and function in people with muscle diseases.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED: There is no evidence that corticosteroids reduce mortality in patients with sepsis. The CORTICUS study showed that corticosteroids did not improve mortality in patients with sepsis .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. There is no randomized controlled trial to compare the effectiveness of primary closure of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hip core decompression in the treatment of sickle cell disease and avascular necrosis of bone.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to conclude whether sequential IPV-OPV immunisation reduces the risk of vaccine-associated paralysis compared to OPV alone. The risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent study showed that positive airway pressure therapy did not improve outcomes for heart failure patients with central sleep apnoea .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that couple and family therapies were effective in reducing PTSD symptoms in adults . Another systematic review of 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by J.P. Dennis et al. (2009)  included 11 studies in their review
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Metformin can help prevent or delay type 2 diabetes in at-risk individuals. Metformin is the first-line treatment for type 2 diabetes. It has been shown to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of IVIg in the treatment of epilepsy. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no evidence of eff
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that modifying positive pressure or adding humidification improves CPAP machine usage in adults with obstructive sleep apnoea. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing bipolar TURP and monopolar TURP for the
SUPPORTED. Intermittent preventive treatment with antimalarial drugs reduces the risk of malaria in infants .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that psychosocial interventions can reduce depression in dialysis patients with end-stage kidney disease . The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that spinal anaesthesia with lidocaine leads to a higher risk of transient neurological symptoms compared to other local an
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is evidence that rPMS is effective in improving daily activities and functional ability in stroke patients. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: The evidence suggests that exercise interventions are effective in preventing falls in people with multiple sclerosis .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the use of PEP devices for improving mucus clearance in people with cystic fibrosis. The use of PEP devices is not recommended
REFUTED. There is no evidence that higher oxygen supplementation in ICU patients increases the risk of mortality. In fact, there is evidence that lower oxygen supplementation increases the risk of mortality.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . SSRIs are effective in improving recovery outcomes after a stroke. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that SSRIs significantly improved
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Psychological interventions are effective for treating comorbid depression and substance use disorders.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics for asymptomatic bacteriuria during pregnancy to reduce the risk of complications. The Cochrane review of antibiot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 studies found that animal-assisted therapy can improve the mood of people with dementia, but
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The standard three-dose schedule of HPV vaccine has been shown to be highly effective in preventing HPV infection and associated diseases. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of indomethacin in the management of severe traumatic brain injury. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence of a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of other interventions in children with nephrotic syndrome who do not achieve remission.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,0
ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is sufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions for preventing osteoradionecrosis of the jaws in head and neck cancer patients undergoing radiotherapy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the use of progesterone for preventing preterm birth in women with multiple pregnancies found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that oral health interventions in pregnant women can reduce the risk of caries in infants.
SUPPORTED. (Wilson's disease is a rare autosomal recessive disorder of copper metabolism. The diagnosis of Wilson's disease is based on a combination of clinical features, biochem
SUPPORTED. CT is effective for diagnosing appendicitis in adults with suspected appendicitis. CT is the most sensitive and specific imaging modality for diagnosing appendicitis in adults with suspected appendicitis .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Present-centered therapy (PCT) is a relatively new approach to treating PTSD that focuses on the present rather than the past. The approach involves helping patients to focus on the present moment
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Oral clonazepam is effective as a monotherapy for newly diagnosed epilepsy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of workplace interventions that promote standing or walking in reducing musculoskeletal symptoms in sedentary workers.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Adalimumab is effective for inducing remission in Crohn's disease. Adalimumab is a TNF-α antagonist that has been shown to be effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of educational and regulatory policies for prescribers in improving medicine use and health outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of hormonal contraceptives on carbohydrate metabolism in healthy women. However, there are some studies that have shown that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Cerebrolysin in improving cognitive function in people with vascular dementia. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCT
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cognitive rehabilitation improves attention in stroke survivors.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Interventions aimed at increasing fruit and vegetable consumption in young children effectively improve their intake.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a human milk-derived fortifier for preterm infants compared to a bovine milk-derived fortifier. The current research
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical trial of Xiao Chai Hu Tang formula for chronic hepatitis B has been registered in the Chinese Clinical T
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Vaccination is effective in preventing herpes zoster in older adults. The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) recommends the use of the herpes z
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . Statins are effective and safe for children with familial hypercholesterolemia. The use of statins in children with familial hypercholesterolemia
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Baclofen is effective and safe for treating alcohol withdrawal syndrome . Baclofen is a gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) B receptor agonist that
SUPPORTED. Early interventions can help prevent the onset of psychosis in at-risk individuals .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of community health education on neonatal health and survival in low- and middle-income countries.
SUPPORTED. Real-time video counselling is effective for helping people quit smoking.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The adductor canal block is a relatively new technique for regional anesthesia of the knee. It is a single-shot block that can be performed under ultrasound guidance. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at involving older patients with multiple health problems in healthcare decision-making. However, there is evidence that patients with multiple health problems are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Community pharmacists can play an important role in helping people stop smoking. They can provide smoking cessation counseling, offer behavioral support, and prescribe smoking cessation medications.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that interventions to reduce S. aureus improve eczema treatment. However, there is evidence that interventions to reduce S. aureus can reduce the risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-term blood transfusions in patients with sickle cell disease and chronic chest complications. However, there is evidence to support the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial comparing the PETTICOAT technique with standard TEVAR for treating complicated type B aortic dissections. The PETTICOAT technique is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review by Kahler et al.  found that there is not enough evidence to determine whether exercise should be recommended as an adjunct
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that stopping feeds around the time of blood transfusion reduces the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in preterm infants. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxandrolone in combination with growth hormone therapy to improve final adult height in girls with Turner syndrome. The current evidence is based on a
SUPPORTED. Rice fortification with vitamins and minerals improves micronutrient status in the general population. Rice is a staple food in many countries and is often consumed by the general population. Fortifying
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines recommend that patients with advanced epithelial ovarian cancer should undergo cytoreductive surgery
SUPPORTED. Rotavirus vaccines have been shown to be effective in preventing rotavirus diarrhoea in children. The vaccine has been shown to reduce the incidence of rotavirus diarrhoea by 45%
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of low-dose aspirin in the prevention of pre-eclampsia in at-risk pregnant women. The current evidence is based
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the use of intranasal corticosteroids in the management of non-allergic rhinitis. Non-allergic rhinitis is
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. There is no evidence from randomized controlled trials.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Topiramate is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant focal epilepsy . The efficacy of topiramate as an add-on treatment for
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Clobazam is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant epilepsy. Clobazam is a benzodiazepine that is commonly used as an
SUPPORTED. Mobile phone-based interventions are effective in helping people quit smoking. Mobile phone-based interventions are effective in helping people quit smoking. Mobile phone-based interventions are effective in helping people quit smoking. Mobile
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of palliative care interventions for people with multiple sclerosis was published in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The LF-LAM test is effective for diagnosing tuberculosis in HIV-positive individuals. The LF-LAM test is a point-of-care test that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that continuous wound infusion of local
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether mechanical methods for inducing labor are safer than pharmacological methods. The choice of induction method should be based on the patient's preferences, the
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Valproate is an effective treatment for acute mania in adults with bipolar disorder.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous veno-venous hemofiltration in patients with severe acute pancreatitis. A systematic review published in 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Natriuretic peptides are not specific to heart failure and their levels are affected by a variety of factors. Therefore, they are not recommended as a guide for treatment in people at
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of one semen preparation technique over another in subfertile couples undergoing IUI. The current evidence is limited by the small number of studies,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether hormonal or non-hormonal treatments effectively reduce seizures in women with catamen
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiepileptic drugs in the prevention of seizures in people with neurocysticercosis. The current evidence is limited to case
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Tiagabine is effective in reducing seizure frequency in people with drug-resistant focal seizures. Tiagabine is a sodium channel blocker that is effective in reducing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that targeted digital communication via mobile devices is beneficial for reproductive and maternal health.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of standing devices and orthoses in improving musculoskeletal health in boys and men with Duchenne muscular dystrophy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the treatment of acromioclavicular dislocations. Conservative treatment is effective in some cases, but surgery is often required. The choice of treatment depends on the type
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled nitric oxide in treating pain crises in people with sickle cell disease. A Cochrane review published in 2
EFFECTIVE: (effective). Combined spinal-epidural anaesthesia is more effective than single-shot spinal anaesthesia for caesarean sections. The combined spinal-ep
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of one type of dental implant over another in the long term. The long-term success rate of dental implants is generally high, regardless
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The PPAR-γ agonists have been shown to reduce the risk of recurrent stroke and related cardiovascular events in some
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions on quality of life for women with BRCA mutations after surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Botulinum toxin type A is effective for treating lower limb spasticity in children with cerebral palsy .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial that has been done to evaluate the efficacy of PI3K/AKT/mTOR inhibitors in advanced endometrial cancer. However, there are
SUPPORTED. (moderate) A Cochrane review of 10 studies found that interventions for drug-using offenders with mental health problems reduced drug use and criminal activity . Another Cochrane review of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of empirical antibiotic treatment for o
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions for idiopathic toe walking in improving children's walking patterns.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has not been able to prove the effectiveness of pharmacological therapies for chronic prostatitis/chronic pelv
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the hypothesis that higher vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy reduces the risk of gestational diabetes. However, there is a need for further research to clar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidants to improve lung function in people with cystic fibrosis. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Exercise programmes have been shown to be effective in reducing pain and improving function in people with ankylosing spondylitis.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Exercise therapy is effective in reducing fatigue in adults with chronic fatigue syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,000 participants showed that multifactorial interventions to prevent falls in people with stroke
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prostanoids and their analogues in reducing mortality and the need for ECMO in neonates with persistent pulmonary hypertension
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that reducing smoking before quitting is as effective as quitting abruptly for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Abdominal ultrasound is not a reliable tool for diagnosing abdominal tuberculosis in HIV-positive individuals. However, it can be used to identify abdominal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no research on the effectiveness of supervisor training on employee well-being and stress. However, there is some evidence that supervisor training
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The BIS monitor is a tool that measures the level of consciousness by monitoring brain waves. It is used to guide anaesthesia and monitor the depth of anaesthesia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of beta-blockers to prevent surgery-related complications in non-cardiac surgery. However, there is some evidence that beta-blockers
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics to reduce the risk of active trachoma and ocular infections. However, there is evidence that antibiotics can reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of 2018  showed that there is no evidence of a difference in the risk of death
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Ultrasound measurement of cervical length is effective in preventing preterm birth. The cervical length is a predictor of preterm birth. The shorter the cervical length,
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Tai Chi may provide benefits for people with rheumatoid arthritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of band ligation in preventing oesophageal variceal bleeding in children with chronic liver disease compared to beta-blockers. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the use of stem cell-based interventions for the prevention or treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that improving the disposal of child faeces can help prevent diarrhoea and soil-transmitted helminth infections. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interactive training for healthcare providers in managing life-threatening emergencies.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that surgery is more beneficial than other treatments for patellar tendinopathy. However, surgical treatment may be considered for patients who have failed to respond to other
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Beta-blockers reduce surgery-related complications in adults undergoing cardiac surgery. Beta-blockers are associated with a lower risk of postoperative atrial fibrill
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise is effective in reducing menstrual pain for women with primary dysmenorrhoea. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether NSAIDs are effective in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding in women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is limited to a few small studies with conflicting results. Some studies suggest that conservative interventions such as pelvic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION: Yes, empirical antibiotic treatment is effective and safe for acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is not sufficient to determine whether incubating embryos at a lower temperature than 37°C impro
SUPPORTED. (Early cord clamping is associated with increased mortality and morbidity in preterm infants compared to delayed cord clamping). Delayed cord clamping is associated with a reduction in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, there is evidence that breastfeeding is associated with lower BMI in the long term .
REFUTED. Splenectomy is not effective in treating β-thalassaemia major or intermedia. The spleen is the main site of erythrophagocytosis in β
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Interim PET scans are not routinely performed in adults with Hodgkin lymphoma receiving first-line therapy. However, interim PET scans can be used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no specific antibiotic treatment that is better for spontaneous bacterial peritonitis in people with liver cirrhosis. The current recommendation is to use third-generation c
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium supplementation before or early in pregnancy to reduce the risk of pre-eclampsia and other hypertensive disorders. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The Mini-Cog is a brief cognitive screening tool that was developed to be used in low-literacy populations. It consists of three tasks: clock drawing, animal naming, and a
EFFECTIVE: (supported) . Topical cyclosporine A 0.05% is effective for treating dry eye. It has been shown to improve tear break-up time, tear secretion, and ocular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that any treatment is effective in maintaining remission after surgery in Crohn's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment for hepatorenal syndrome in people with liver cirrhosis. The current treatment options include medical therapy, transjugular intrahepatic portos
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that regular deworming treatment can reduce the prevalence of soil-transmitted helminth in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. There is no randomized controlled trial or cohort study. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral NSAIDs in the treatment of cystic fibrosis. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence that NSA
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium is an essential cofactor for many enzymatic reactions and plays a role in the metabolism of ATP. Magnesium is also involved in the regulation of blood pressure
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Mousavi et al.  showed that respiratory muscle training can improve respiratory muscle strength and lung
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal duration of intravenous antibiotic therapy in treating chest exacerphorations in cystic fibrosis is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiviral treatment in Bell's palsy. The Cochrane systematic review of antiviral treatment in Bell's pals
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of follow-up care after colorectal cancer surgery in improving overall survival.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aminoglycoside antibiotics are commonly used to treat pulmonary exacerbations in cystic fibros
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of 2018 concluded that there is no evidence that homeopathic treatment is effective for irritable
SUPPORTED. (Yes, changing the availability or proximity of food, alcohol, and tobacco products influences consumption behavior).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). The use of haloperidol, olanzapine, and quetiapine reduces the duration of delirium in critically ill adults . The use of dexmedet
SUPPORTED. (evidence). PCR-based testing is effective for diagnosing invasive aspergillosis in immunocompromised patients. The use of PCR-based testing for the diagnosis of invasive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines recommend conventional radiation therapy for localized prostate cancer. However, hypofractionated radiation therapy is increasingly being
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fetal imaging along with blood glucose levels to improve outcomes for women with gestational diabetes.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Flexibility exercise training provides benefits for adults with fibromyalgia. Fibromyalgia is a chronic musculoskeletal pain syndrome that is associated with a variety
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of taxane-containing chemotherapy regimens in women with operable early breast cancer has been shown to improve survival in multiple randomized controlled trials. The Early Breast Cancer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chlorhexidine bathing in reducing hospital-acquired infections in critically ill patients. A systematic review by the Cochr
SUPPORTED. (label) . Certolizumab pegol is effective for inducing remission in Crohn's disease. Certolizumab pegol is a TNF-α inhibitor that is effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Endometrial destruction is a treatment option for heavy menstrual bleeding, but it is not clear whether it is more effective than h
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that atropine penalization is effective for treating amblyopia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to conclude that novel methods of contact tracing are more effective than standard methods in identifying tuberculosis cases.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that hysterectomy with opportunistic salpingectomy reduces the risk of ovarian cancer in women undergoing surgery
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sulthiame is not recommended for the treatment of epilepsy. Sulthiame is no longer used in the treatment of epilepsy due to its adverse effects and the availability
SUPPORTED. (Yes, changing the availability or proximity of food, alcohol, and tobacco products can influence people's consumption choices.)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to conclude that feeding preterm or low birth weight infants with formula leads to better growth and developmental outcomes compared to maternal breast milk.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prolonged thromboprophylaxis with LMWH after major abdominal or pelvic surgery to reduce the risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The systematic review by Mazzotti et al.  included 11 studies (10 RCTs and 1 non-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that education and self-care interventions can prevent skin damage in people with leprosy. However, there is evidence that early diagnosis and treatment can prevent nerve damage and de
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The clinical research on phenytoin and phenobarbitone for treating seizures is limited and the results are inconsistent.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that statins did not reduce the risk of all
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of school dental screening in improving children's oral health status.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Oral progestogen therapy is effective in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding in women of reproductive age. The effectiveness of progestogens in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. TNF-α blockers are not recommended for treating Kawasaki disease in children. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness and safety of TNF-
SUPPORTED. Larviciding with insecticides can help prevent malaria transmission. Larviciding is the use of insecticides to kill mosquito larvae, and it can be an effective component
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aspirin is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that is commonly used to
SUPPORTED. Motivational Interviewing is effective in helping people stop smoking .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is based on a single randomized controlled trial (RCT) with a small sample size. The RCT showed that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of advanced sperm selection techniques in assisted reproductive technologies. The use of advanced sperm selection techniques in assisted reproductive technologies is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prebiotics in reducing hyperbilirubinaemia in newborns. A systematic review published in 2019 found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of interventions aimed at increasing adherence to smoking cessation medications.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of self-care, dressings, and footwear in the prevention and healing of skin damage in people with leprosy.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological interventions can help prevent PTSD in individuals exposed to traumatic events.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Peripheral nerve blocks effectively reduce pain after major knee surgery compared to other analgesic methods. Peripheral nerve blocks are effective in reducing pain after major knee surgery. A systematic review and meta-analysis of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that systematic reviews with financial conflicts of interest are more likely to have favorable conclusions. However, there is evidence that industry-funded trials are more likely to report favorable
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The Families and Schools Together (FAST) programme is a family-centred intervention that aims to improve outcomes for children and their families. The programme involves a series of meetings between parents,
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Benzodiazepines are effective for treating catatonia in people with schizophrenia or similar mental illnesses. Benzodiazepines are the first-line treatment
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . eHealth interventions can help improve health behaviors in people with chronic kidney disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of gastric residual volume monitoring to reduce the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in preterm infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fetal fibronectin testing to prevent preterm birth. The use of fetal fibronectin testing to predict preterm birth has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of protein hydrolysate formula in preterm infants to reduce the risk of feed intolerance and necrotising enterocolitis compared
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of stepwise caries removal over complete
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of buffered solutions over 0.9% saline in critically ill patients. The current evidence is limited to observational studies and small R
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that different work-break schedules help prevent musculoskeletal symptoms in healthy workers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of enteral tube feeding to improve nutritional status in people with cystic fibrosis. The current literature is limited to case reports and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is focused on the effectiveness of bystander cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) and the use
REFUTED. There is evidence that donor breast milk is superior to formula in terms of growth outcomes in preterm and low birth weight infants. A meta-analysis of 12 randomized controlled trials including 1,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of carbamazepine and phenytoin for treating seizures is similar. However, carb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nutrient-enriched formula in preterm infants. The current research has not provided enough information to determine whether nutrient-enric
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacogenetic screening to reduce severe drug-related skin reactions. The use of pharmacogenetic screening to predict drug-related skin reactions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Lifestyle changes such as smoking cessation, weight loss, and exercise can improve psoriasis symptoms.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Cryotherapy is a minimally invasive procedure that involves the use of extreme cold to destroy abnormal or cancerous tissue. It
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) of pregabalin as an adjunctive treatment for focal epilepsy was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inositol is a vitamin-like substance that is found in many foods and is also synthesized in the body. It is involved in many important biological processes, including cell growth,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide enough information to support the use of total serum bile acids or serum bile acid profiles to diagnose intrahepatic cholestasis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the safety and effectiveness of re-feeding gastric residuals in preterm infants. The current research has not reached a consensus on the safety and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effect of pay-for-performance on the quality of in-hospital care is not clear. A systematic review of 14 studies found that pay-for-performance
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The standard regimen for treating P. vivax malaria is 14 days of primaquine (0.25 mg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that exercise interventions can improve bone mineral density (BMD
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (not enough information). There is insufficient evidence to support the use of reducing dialysate temperature to prevent intradialytic hypotension in patients undergoing hemodialysis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that neuropathic pain is a common complication of sickle cell disease, and the treatment of ne
SUPPORTED. Inhaled corticosteroids are effective for treating lung inflammation in cystic fibrosis. Inhaled corticosteroids are a mainstay of treatment for cystic fibros
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of medications to prevent or treat upper gastrointestinal bleeding in newborns. The management of upper gastrointestinal bleeding in newborn
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016 included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that ac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no research evidence on the effectiveness of supportive interventions on the well-being of caregivers for patients with brain or spinal cord tumours.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (PET-CT is more sensitive than ultrasound for detecting metastases in melanoma patients.) PET-CT is more sensitive than ultrasound for detecting metastases in mel
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the type of PPE and training method affect the risk of infection for healthcare workers. However, there is evidence that the use of appropriate PPE
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Folic acid fortification of wheat and maize flour is a public health policy implemented in many countries to reduce the risk of neural tube defects. However, the impact of this policy on health
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of advocacy interventions in reducing repeat victimization from intimate partner abuse.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of plasma volume expanders in patients with cirrhosis undergoing paracentesis. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case series.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of computer and mobile technology to improve medication adherence in people with thalassemia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of banked donor preterm milk over banked donor term milk in very low birth weight infants. The current evidence is limited to a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dilute formula over full-strength formula in preterm infants. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al. 2019 1 showed that there was no significant difference in the recovery of
SUPPORTED. Epilepsy surgery is the treatment of choice for patients with focal epilepsy who do not respond to antiseizure medications (ASMs) . The success rate of epilepsy surgery is 4
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials comparing carbamazepine and topiramate for the treatment of focal onset
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ibuprofen for the prevention of patent ductus arteriosus in preterm infants. The Cochrane review of pro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of high-quality research on the effectiveness of social skills training for children and adolescents with ADHD.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is based on a single RCT with a small sample size. The results of this study are not consistent. In the
REFUTED. There is no evidence that band ligation of oesophageal varices reduces the risk of upper gastrointestinal bleeding in patients with cirrhosis. The current evidence suggests that band ligation is
SUPPORTED. Laronidase enzyme replacement therapy is effective for treating mucopolysaccharidosis type I. Laronidase is the only approved treatment for MPS I. It is a recom
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics in the prevention of acute otitis media in children. The Cochrane systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Artemether is a derivative of artemisinin and is used in combination with other antimalarial drugs for the treatment of malaria. It is not used alone due to its
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The risk of ovarian cancer in women with infertility is not clear. Some studies have found that infertility drugs increase
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Misoprostol is effective and safe for non-viable pregnancies. Misoprostol is effective in inducing expulsion of the placenta and fetus in non-viable
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The question is too broad. There are different outcomes of antiretroviral therapy. We need to specify which outcomes are being referred to.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of nutritional interventions in reducing stunting in infants and children living in urban slums.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that rigid dressings are better than soft dressings for healing after transtibial amputation. However, there is also no evidence that soft dressings are better than
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that psychosocial interventions can improve the well-being of caregivers of cancer patients . Another systematic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacotherapies that target ammonia in patients with hepatic encephalopathy. The current evidence is limited to
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise training improves exercise capacity and quality of life in people after lung surgery for cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of acetyl-L-carnitine for the treatment of pain in people with diabetic peripheral neuropathy. A systematic
SUPPORTED. Hypnotherapy is effective for helping people quit smoking.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, there is evidence that women's experiences and healthcare providers' views influence the uptake and provision of antenatal care
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . A systematic review of 11 studies found that environmental interventions, such as the availability of water, labeling, and pricing policies, were effective in reducing the consumption of sugar-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The question is not supported by the clinical research. However, the question is important and should be addressed in future research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different inhaled corticosteroids and delivery devices affect the growth of children with asthma. The current research has not provided enough information to support
SUPPORTED. Xpert MTB/RIF and Xpert Ultra are effective for diagnosing tuberculosis and rifampicin resistance in adults. Xpert MTB/RIF was approved by the WHO
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antihypertensive treatment reduces mortality in people aged 60 and older with hypertension. Antihypertensive treatment reduces the risk of cardiovascular events and all-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of different treatments for Paget's disease of the vulva. The current treatment options are based on the experience of clinicians.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is evidence that behavioral support increases the success of smoking cessation, but it is not clear whether increasing the intensity of behavioral support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Koyuncu et al. 2019 1 found that there is no difference in the
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Lipid emulsions are safe and effective for parenteral nutrition in preterm and term infants. The use of lipid emulsions in preterm and term infants has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of newer lipid emulsions over traditional soybean oil-based emulsions in terms of safety and efficacy in preterm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of antidepressants in combination with benzodiazepines is similar to that of antidepress
REFUTED. The evidence from the systematic review of the randomized controlled trials (RCTs) does not support the effectiveness of screening for melanoma in the general population. The systematic review of the RCTs showed that
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Lithium is effective for treating acute mania in bipolar disorder. The efficacy of lithium is well established in the treatment of mania and bipolar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of venous PTA in the treatment of people with MS and CCSVI. The current research on this topic is limited and the results are incon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of one type of catheter over another in reducing the risk of peritonitis in dialysis patients. However, there is some evidence
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral hygiene interventions can improve dental health in people with intellectual disabilities.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research is focused on the effectiveness of systemic antibiotics in the treatment of acute pulpitis, but there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of guided tissue regeneration for treating periodontal defects is still controversial. Some studies have shown that guided tissue regeneration
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of time-lapse systems in assisted reproductive technology. The use of time-lapse systems in assisted reproductive technology is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Pneumococcal conjugate vaccines have been shown to reduce the incidence of acute otitis media in children. The Cochrane review of 14 randomized
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Amitriptyline is effective for relieving fibromyalgia pain. Amitriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant that has been shown to be effective
SUPPORTED. Tramadol is effective in the treatment of osteoarthritis pain . Tramadol is a centrally acting analgesic that is widely used for the treatment of moderate to moderately
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal duration of antibiotic therapy for neurosyphilis is unknown. The optimal regimen of antibiotic therapy for neuro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sleep quality is a subjective experience and is difficult to measure. There is no clear definition of sleep quality. The current research on sleep quality in patients with chronic kidney disease is insufficient.
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Prostatic urethral lift is effective for treating lower urinary tract symptoms in men with benign prostatic hyperplasia. Prostatic urethral lift is a minimally invasive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of one class of antibiotics over another in preventing exacerbations in COPD patients.
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence) Mixed exercise training provides benefits for adults with fibromyalgia compared to control interventions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychological therapies in preventing seasonal affective disorder.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the technique of blood glucose monitoring affects maternal and infant outcomes in pregnant women with diabetes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of indoor residual spraying in addition to insecticide-treated nets for malaria control. The current research is limited to the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to promote shared decision-making for children and adolescents with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium, vitamin D, and recombinant parathyroid hormone in the management of post-thyroidectomy hyp
SUPPORTED. tDCS has been shown to improve aphasia in stroke survivors. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that tDCS can improve aphasia in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al. 2018 1 reported that extended pelvic lymph node dis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mucolytics in patients with chronic bronchitis or COPD to reduce exacerbations. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The galactomannan test in BAL is effective for diagnosing invasive aspergillosis in immunocompromised patients. The galactomannan test in B
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED: (Yes, there is sufficient evidence that interventions aimed at reducing ambient air pollution effectively lower pollutant levels and improve health outcomes.)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 studies and found no significant difference in recurrence rate between
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence for effective treatments for orbital lymphangiomas in children and young adults. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. The treatment of orbital
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of home-based ready-to-use therapeutic food in the treatment of children with severe acute malnutrition. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intrastromal corneal ring segments are not recommended for keratoconus.
SUPPORTED. Telephone support interventions improve outcomes for caregivers compared to usual care. Telephone support interventions can reduce caregiver depression, burden, and anxiety, and improve caregiver quality of life.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED: (Yes, there is sufficient evidence that interventions aimed at reducing ambient air pollution effectively lower pollutant levels and improve health outcomes.)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence for effective treatments for orbital lymphangiomas in children and young adults. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. The treatment of orbital
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of home-based ready-to-use therapeutic food in the treatment of children with severe acute malnutrition. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intrastromal corneal ring segments are not recommended for keratoconus.
SUPPORTED. Telephone support interventions improve outcomes for caregivers compared to usual care. Telephone support interventions can reduce caregiver depression, burden, and anxiety, and improve caregiver quality of life.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ultrasound and placental biomarkers in identifying placental dysfunction in pregnancy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral lactoferrin as an adjunct to antibiotics for treating neonatal sepsis or necrotizing enterocol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that immobilisation after shoulder dislocation provides benefits compared to no treatment. However, there is insufficient evidence to determine whether immobilisation after shoulder dislocation provides benefits compared
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The WHO recommends vitamin A supplementation for children with vitamin A deficiency, but not for the general population.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that platinum-based chemotherapy can cause hearing loss in children. The prevalence of hearing loss in children
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Stem cell transplantation is not a standard treatment for ischemic stroke. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of stem cell transplantation in reducing neurological impair
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Lipid-based nutrient supplements are effective for improving health and nutrition in young children. Lipid-based nutrient supplements are effective in reducing the risk of stunting and improving linear
SUPPORTED. Telephone support is effective in helping smokers quit.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Prostacyclin or its analogues are effective and safe for treating pulmonary arterial hypertension. Prostacyclin is a natural substance that is produced by the
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Family therapy is effective for treating anorexia nervosa compared to standard treatments .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al. 2019 1 found that the evidence was insufficient to support the use
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Probiotics are live microorganisms that may help prevent antibiotic-associated diarrhea in children. The use of probiotics in children with antibiotic-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Interleukin-6 is a pro-inflammatory cytokine that is elevated in sepsis. However, it is not specific to bacterial sepsis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The MVA85A vaccine is a candidate tuberculosis vaccine that has been tested in phase II trials. The results of these trials have not yet been published. The efficacy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of guided imagery to lower blood pressure in pregnant women with hypertension. A systematic review of 10 studies found that guided imagery may
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of selective estrogen receptor modulators (SERMs) such as tamoxifen and raloxifene, and aromatase inhibitors (AIs)
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oxytocin is effective in reducing postpartum blood loss during the third stage of labour. Oxytocin is a hormone that stimulates uterine contractions and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. MRI-guided biopsy is more accurate than systematic biopsy for detecting clinically significant prostate cancer . The systematic biopsy is associated with a low detection rate of clinically significant pro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Interdental brushing is a technique that removes plaque from the interproximal areas of the teeth. It is recommended as an adjunct to toothbrushing for the prevention of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of anti-GD2 antibody-containing immunotherapy in high-risk neuroblastoma patients after high-dose chemotherapy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no specific optimal material for frontalis sling surgery in congenital ptosis. The most commonly used materials are silicone, autogenous fascia, and Gore-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of strategies to improve adherence to hormonal contraceptives. However, there is evidence that interventions to improve adherence to horm
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Flossing in addition to toothbrushing helps reduce gum disease in adults. Flossing is an important part of oral hygiene and is effective in removing plaque from interd
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The results of the systematic review by Aiken et al. (2016) showed that there was a significant association between the
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 2,909 participants showed that multicomponent non-pharmacological interventions can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) by Leucht et al.  compared the efficacy of haloperidol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antifibrinolytic agents to prevent bleeding complications in people with haemophilia or VWD undergoing dental procedures. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The combination of metformin and sulphonylurea is a common treatment for type 2 diabetes. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of this combination over
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that treatment for Burkholderia cepacia complex infections in cystic fibrosis leads to eradication or delay chronic infection. The current treatment options are
REFUTED. There is no effective antitoxin for botulism. The only effective treatment is supportive care, including mechanical ventilation, antimicrobials, and antipyretics.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of screening hysteroscopy in subfertile women. The current evidence is conflicting and does not show any clear benefit of screening hysteros
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review by Koutsandreou et al. 2018  summarized the results of 11 studies on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that antineoplastic treatment for childhood cancer increases the risk of liver complications during the course of treatment.
EFFECTIVE: Robot-assisted surgery is effective for treating gynaecological diseases in women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no clinical research on this topic. However, it is known that nurses are capable of performing tasks that were previously performed by doctors. For
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of oral glucose administration compared to buccal administration for treating hypoglycaemia in first aid situations. However, there is insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of community-based antibiotics to reduce neonatal mortality in low- and middle-income countries. A Cochrane review published
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of interdental cleaning devices over toothbrushing alone in improving oral health.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of stroke recognition scales in emergency settings is effective for identifying suspected stroke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 10 studies (7 RCTs, 3 cohort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Guttate psoriasis is a type of psoriasis that is characterized by small, drop-like or coin-shaped, red scaly lesions. It is usually found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of physical activity for the treatment of lower urinary tract symptoms caused by benign prostatic obstruction.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. TENS is effective for reducing chronic pain in adults. TENS is a safe and effective method for reducing chronic pain in adults. It can be used as an alternative to medication or as an adjunct to other treatments
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness of remote psychological therapies for managing chronic pain in children and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on herbal medicinal products for neuropathic pain is limited and the results are inconsistent. Some studies have
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research does not support the hypothesis that gluten and casein free diets improve behavior and cognitive functioning in individuals with autism
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of additional social support programmes during pregnancy in reducing low birthweight and preterm births. However, there is some evidence that social support programmes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-term antibiotic use to prevent recurrent urinary tract infections in children. The use of antibiotics to prevent recurrent
SUPPORTED. Constraint-induced movement therapy improves upper limb function in children with unilateral cerebral palsy .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Benzodiazepines are more effective than placebo for treating panic disorder. Benzodiazepines are effective in reducing the frequency and severity of panic attacks in patients with panic
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Lifestyle modifications such as diet, exercise, and behavioral therapy can improve health outcomes in women with PCOS.
EFFECTIVE: Brivaracetam is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant epilepsy . Brivaracetam is a new antiepileptic drug that is structurally
EFFECTIVE: (yes). The iStent surgery is effective in reducing the need for eye drops in glaucoma patients. The iStent surgery has been shown to reduce the need for glaucoma medications by
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
SUPPORTED. Mindfulness-based stress reduction improves quality of life for women with breast cancer. Mindfulness-based stress reduction is a form of mindfulness-based therapy that focuses on teaching people how to pay attention in a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of negative pressure wound therapy to prevent surgical site infections in healing wounds. However, there is evidence that negative pressure wound therapy is effective in treating
SUPPORTED. Rotavirus vaccines have been shown to be effective in preventing rotavirus diarrhoea in children. The vaccine has been shown to reduce the incidence of rotavirus diarrhoea by 45%
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Cognitive training has been shown to improve cognitive abilities in people with mild to moderate dementia. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 29 randomized controlled trials (R
EFFECTIVE: Screening for psychosocial well-being and care needs in cancer patients is effective.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support or refute the use of betahistine in the treatment of subjective idiop
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of laparoscopy in predicting whether women with advanced ovarian cancer can undergo successful surgery.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Linezolid is effective for treating multi-drug resistant tuberculosis. In a randomized controlled trial, linezolid was found to be effective in treating multi-drug
SUPPORTED. Memantine is a medication that is used to treat Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia. It works by blocking the NMDA receptor, which is a type of glutam
SUPPORTED. (effective) Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is effective for people with treatment-resistant schizophrenia. ECT is a safe and effective treatment option for patients with schizophren
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Family-based prevention programs effectively reduce alcohol use in school-aged children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective palliative treatment for vaginal bleeding in women with advanced cervical cancer. However, there are several treatment options available to manage vaginal bleeding in women with advanced c
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  compared inpatient and outpatient management of febrile neutropa
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antidepressants to reduce abnormal crying after a stroke. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no R
SUPPORTED. Light therapy is effective in preventing seasonal affective disorder .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Having a labour companion is associated with a reduction in the need for pharmacological pain relief, a reduction in the length of labour, and an increase in maternal satisfaction with the birth experience.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Hydroxyurea has been shown to reduce the need for blood transfusions in people with β-thalassaemia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current clinical research on this topic is still in the stage of clinical trial. The results of the clinical trial have not been published.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Multiple-micronutrient supplementation during pregnancy has been shown to improve health outcomes for mothers and babies. A Cochrane review of 11 trials with 39,0
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to answer this question. The review included 11 studies that met the inclusion criteria. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidants to improve fertility in subfertile men. The use of antioxidants to improve fertility in sub
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics in the prevention or treatment of infantile colic. The current research has shown that probiotics are safe and effective in treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A recent systematic review of 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) found that computerised cognitive training can improve cognitive function in people
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Computerized cognitive training is effective for maintaining cognitive function in midlife adults.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Computerised cognitive training can help maintain or improve cognitive function in healthy older adults aged 65 or older. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomised controlled trials (
SUPPORTED. Mediterranean diet is effective for preventing cardiovascular disease .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. The methodological filter is a search strategy that uses text words and/or index terms to identify observational studies in medical databases
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Childhood cancer survivors are at an increased risk of renal dysfunction due to the adverse effects of chemotherapy and radiotherapy. The risk is higher in patients who have received a combination of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Pars plana vitrectomy is more effective than scleral buckling for treating retinal detachment . This is because pars plana vitrectomy has a higher success rate and lower recurrence rate than
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of intralesional curettage for low-grade chondrosarcoma. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. A
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antistreptococcal interventions help manage psoriasis. Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease that affects approximately 2
SUPPORTED. (1) In the TRINITY study, patients with COPD receiving once-daily umeclidinium/vilanterol had a lower risk of moderate or severe exacerbations than those
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend that low-risk patients with acute pulmonary embolism can be treated in the outpatient setting
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness of psychological therapies for depression in patients with COPD
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is no high-quality evidence to support the use of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Anti-VEGF agents have been shown to improve visual acuity in patients with neovascular AMD. The CATT study showed that monthly ranibizumab injections were superior to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2013  included 11 studies that compared the effect of using a dental cavity l
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Fluoride is an important element in the prevention of dental caries. Fluoride in toothpaste is absorbed by the body and incorporated into the enamel structure during the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The AD-8 questionnaire is a screening tool for dementia, but it is not clear whether it is effective for screening undifferentiated dementia in adults. There is ins
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of GnRH analogues to protect the ovaries during chemotherapy in premenopausal women. The use of GnR
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,100 patients showed
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Physical exercise training improves functional performance in people with SMA type 3.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the selection of appropriate PEEP levels improves outcomes in preterm infants on mechanical ventilation for respiratory distress syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ultrasound guidance for nerve blocks in children. However, ultrasound guidance is recommended for peripheral nerve blocks in adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of social networking sites in promoting contraceptive use among women. However, there is some evidence that social media can be used to increase awareness and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017 found that yoga may be effective for treating urinary incontinence in women,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of paracetamol for the treatment of osteoarthritis of the hip or knee. A systematic review of randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Endoscopic cyclophotocoagulation (ECP) is a minimally invasive surgical procedure that uses a laser to treat glaucoma by reducing the production of a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of nutrition education for family members on weaning outcomes in preterm infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antimicrobial agents to prevent urinary tract infections in adults undergoing cystoscopy. The use of prophylactic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of systemic corticosteroids in the management of cancer-related breathlessness in adults. However, the use of systemic corticosteroids
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that animal-source foods improve growth and development in young children compared to other feeding methods. The quality of protein and essential amino acids is similar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. TENS is effective for reducing chronic pain in adults. TENS is a safe and effective method for reducing chronic pain in adults. It can be used as an alternative to medication or as an adjunct to other treatments
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the order of administration of anthracyclines and taxanes affects outcomes in early breast cancer treatment. The optimal sequencing of anthracyclines
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of late administration of erythropoiesis-stimulating agents to reduce the need for red blood cell transfusions in preterm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend antibiotic treatment for newborns with congenital syphilis, but there is no direct evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing Aquablation with transurethral resection of the prostate (T
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: Desmopressin acetate is not recommended for pregnant women with bleeding disorders. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness and safety of desmopress
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that the use of calcium antagonists did
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Active management of the third stage of labour reduces the risk of severe postpartum haemorrhage compared to expectant management.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Fortifying foods with iodine has been shown to improve iodine status and health outcomes in populations with iodine deficiency .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nerve-sparing radical hysterectomy to reduce the risk of bladder dysfunction in women with early stage cervical cancer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 10 studies and found that exercise-based cardiac rehabil
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of combined hormonal contraceptives (CHCs) is effective in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding compared to other treatments. The use of CHCs is effective in reducing
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise training improves exercise capacity in adults with advanced lung cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that ethosuximide is the best initial treatment for children and adolescents with absence seizures. The current evidence is not sufficient to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of ozone on dental caries has not been studied in humans. However, in vitro studies have shown that ozone
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ultrasonic devices have been used in endodontics for more than 50 years. The first ultrasonic device was introduced in 1965 by Pie
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,000 patients showed
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no consensus on the best treatment for blunt traumatic thoracic aortic injury. The choice of treatment is based on the type of injury
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of subacromial decompression surgery for patients with rotator cuff disease. The current evidence is based on low-quality studies with small sample
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing needle aspiration with intercostal
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cardiac rehabilitation is a multifaceted intervention that aims to improve the physical and psychological well-being of patients with cardiovascular disease. It typically includes a combination of exercise training
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of intraperitoneal instillation of lidocaine on pain relief during postpartum mini-laparotomy tubal ligation.
SUPPORTED. Exercise interventions can help prevent falls in older people living in the community .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of structured pressure ulcer risk assessment tools has been shown to reduce the incidence of pressure ulcers in various studies. A systematic review by McHugh et al.  found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aerobic physical exercise is safe and feasible for adults with haematological malignancies. However, the effect of aer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of PDE5 inhibitors in the treatment of pulmonary hypertension in adults and children. The use of PDE5 inhibitors in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of CPAP in infants and children with acute bronchiolitis. However, there is some evidence that CPAP may be beneficial in selected
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the benefits of general health checks. However, there is evidence that general health checks may cause harm.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of intermittent iron supplementation in reducing anaemia among menstruating women. However, continuous iron supplementation has been shown to be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence in the literature that any intervention can reduce shoulder-tip pain after gynaecological laparoscopy. The pain is usually mild and resolves spontaneously within a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation improves health-related quality of life for people with heart failure. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials with 1,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Topiramate is effective for treating juvenile myoclonic epilepsy. The efficacy of topiramate in treating JME was demonstrated in a randomized, double
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Cannabis withdrawal symptoms are well-documented in the literature, and pharmacotherapies have been shown to be effective in reducing these symptoms and promoting cessation of cannabis use
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Antibiotic treatment is effective for Chlamydia trachomatis genital infection in men and non-pregnant women. REFERENCES: [1, 2,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of immunonutrition in the treatment of acute respiratory distress syndrome. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials involving
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that some airway clearance techniques are more effective than others for people with cystic fibrosis. The most effective techniques are high-frequency chest wall oscillation (H
SUPPORTED. Pregabalin is effective for treating chronic neuropathic pain in adults. Pregabalin is a calcium channel α2-δ subunit agonist that is effective in the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the replacement of peripheral intravenous catheters only when there are clinical indications rather than routinely. The decision to replace peripheral intravenous
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of newer endometrial ablation techniques in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding in premenopausal women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral H1 antihistamines in the treatment of eczema. However, there is some evidence that they may be effective in reducing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the treatment of middle third clavicle fractures. The treatment of middle third clavicle fractures is controversial. Some authors recommend conservative treatment, while others recommend surg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of any other emergency contraception method over levonorgestrel.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intraoperative neuromonitoring to reduce the risk of recurrent inferior laryngeal nerve injury during thyroid surgery compared to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Methotrexate is effective in treating psoriatic arthritis in adults. Methotrexate is a disease-modifying antirheumatic drug
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Adrenaline is the most commonly used medication during cardiac arrest. It is used to increase blood pressure and heart rate, which can improve the chances of survival. However, there is evidence that adrenal
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal dialysate sodium concentration for hemodialysis patients is still controversial. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The clinical research on the effectiveness of serum CRP measurement in diagnosing late-onset infection in newborn infants is insufficient. The current research has not provided enough evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Rehabilitation interventions have been shown to improve outcomes for people with multiple sclerosis.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is an effective treatment for dystonia in adults. DBS of the globus pallidus internus (GPi) is the most commonly used surgical treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Metronidazole is the most commonly used antiprotozoal drug for treating amoebic colitis. However
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Print-based self-help materials are effective for smoking cessation. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that self-help materials were
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The Cochrane systematic review of 2014  showed that disease management interventions for heart failure improved the quality of life and reduced the number of hospitalizations. The systematic review
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Pyronaridine-artesunate is effective for treating uncomplicated P falciparum malaria .
SUPPORTED. Albendazole is an effective drug for the treatment of lymphatic filariasis. It is used in combination with other drugs such as diethylcarbamazine and ivermectin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of CFTR potentiators in people with cystic fibrosis. The CFTR potentiators are not currently approved for use in people
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine preoperative medical testing before cataract surgery. The routine preoperative medical testing is not recommended in the current guidelines. However, the pre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Acetyl-L-carnitine is a naturally occurring compound that is used to treat a variety of conditions, including liver disease. However, there is currently insufficient evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Iron deficiency is a common cause of restless legs syndrome (RLS), but it is not clear whether iron supplementation is effective in treating RLS. A systematic review of randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The optimal duration of antibiotic therapy for febrile neutropenia in cancer patients is still controversial. A recent meta-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chest physiotherapy in children with pneumonia. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2017 included 11 R
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tranexamic acid in patients with epistaxis. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016 compared the outcomes of laparoscopic retroperit
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of alpha-glucosidase inhibitors for the prevention of type 2 diabetes in at-risk individuals. The STOP-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of routine scaling and polishing in improving periodontal health in healthy adults. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether the benefits of scaling and
SUPPORTED. (evidence) There is evidence that sound therapy can improve tinnitus symptoms in adults. Sound therapy is a broad term that encompasses a variety of approaches, including sound amplification, sound enrich
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Surgery is the mainstay of treatment for oral cancer. Depending on the stage of the disease, surgery may be combined with chemotherapy and/or radiation therapy. The goal of surgery
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The optimal storage duration of red blood cells is not well established. The current evidence suggests that there is no significant difference in patient outcomes between the use of red blood cells stored for 7,
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychological therapies are effective for treating anxiety and depression in children and adolescents with long-term physical conditions .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Cognitive-behavioral treatment is effective for reducing amphetamine-type stimulant use. Amphetamine-type stimulants (ATS) are a group
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that fortifying maize flour with iron helps reduce anaemia in the general population. The current research on this topic is limited and the results
SUPPORTED. Physical exercise has beneficial effects for people with cirrhosis.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is a type of psychotherapy that focuses on changing negative thought patterns and behaviours. It has been shown to be effective in treating various mental
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of perioperative intravenous ketamine for pain management after surgery. However, there is some evidence that it may be effective for post
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of pharmacological or non-pharmacological interventions for epilepsy in people with Alzheimer's disease. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Inositol is a vitamin-like substance that is naturally found in many foods, such as beef, poultry, beans, and nuts. It is also found in some fort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether carbetocin is more effective than oxytocin for preventing postpartum haemorrhage without increasing side effects. The Cochr
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Non-pharmacological therapies such as exercise, cognitive behavioral therapy, and mindfulness-based interventions have been shown to be effective in managing chronic pain for people with multiple s
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on the effectiveness of single herbal medicine for treating diabetic retinopathy is limited. More high-quality clinical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Medical abortion is safe for women living with HIV. (label: safe)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of anti-TNF agents in the treatment of uveitic macular oedema is not well established.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Thrombolytic therapy improves outcomes for patients with acute pulmonary embolism.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of acupuncture for gastroparesis found that the quality of the evidence was low or very low
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that rhGH therapy improves lung function or quality of life in children and young adults with cystic fibrosis. However, rhGH therapy is associated with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of short-acting insulin analogues over regular human insulin in adults with type 2 diabetes. The current evidence is limited to a single
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions before and during subsequent pregnancies after stillbirth. However, there is evidence that interventions during subsequent pregnancies after stillbirth
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that controlling houseflies can reduce diarrhoea in young children. However, there is evidence that houseflies can carry pathogens that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin and mineral supplements to maintain cognitive function in healthy adults over 40. The evidence is mixed and does not support the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The subconjunctival drainage devices are relatively new and there is a lack of long-term studies. The current evidence is
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Internet-based cognitive and behavioral therapy is effective for treating PTSD in adults. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence for the use of de-intensified adjuvant (chemo)radiotherapy in HPV-positive oropharyngeal cancer patients. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the use of probiotics given to mothers during pregnancy to prevent preterm birth and improve outcomes for preterm infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific type of dressing or topical agent to prevent pressure ulcers in at-risk individuals. However, there is evidence that the use
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD) in patients with non-ischaemic cardiomyopathy has been shown to reduce mortality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Surviving Sepsis Campaign recommends a goal of 30 mL/kg of fluid for the first 3
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of laryngeal mask airway in critically ill adults undergoing percutaneous dilatational tracheostomy. Therefore, it is
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The combination of aclidinium bromide and long-acting beta improves lung function and quality of life in patients with COPD. Aclidinium bromide
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Exercise training improves physical fitness and quality of life for cancer patients undergoing multimodal treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in reducing alcohol consumption among people who use illicit drugs.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of routine vaccination against salmonella in people with sickle cell disease.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. LABA/LAMA combinations are more effective than other inhaler formulations for treating COPD. The use of LABA/LAMA combinations has been shown to improve lung function
SUPPORTED. . Interferon-alpha is effective in reducing the incidence of chronic Hepatitis C infection. Interferon-alpha is a cytokine that has antiviral activity against a variety of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Preventive and pre-emptive opioids effectively reduce postoperative pain in adults. Preventive opioids are opioids given before surgery to prevent pain. Pre-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is a non-invasive imaging technique that uses near-infrared light to obtain high-resolution cross-sectional
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Exfoliative cytology is not a reliable method for diagnosing basal cell carcinoma in adults. The sensitivity of exfoliative cytology for diagnosing basal cell car
SUPPORTED. Dermoscopy is more accurate than visual inspection for detecting basal cell carcinoma and cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma. Dermoscopy is a non-invasive diagnostic technique that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Reflectance confocal microscopy is a non-invasive technique that uses a low-power microscope to capture images of the skin. It can be used to diagnose skin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 studies found that teledermatology was effective for detecting skin cancer in adults . However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of smartphone applications in ruling out melanoma in adults with suspicious skin lesions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Visual inspection is the most common method for detecting melanoma. However, it is not accurate enough to detect melanoma. Therefore, it is necessary to use other methods such as d
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. High-frequency ultrasound is not used for the diagnosis of skin cancer. However, ultrasound is used for the diagnosis of melanoma of the skin in the head and neck region
SUPPORTED. Dermoscopy improves the diagnosis of melanoma compared to visual inspection alone . The use of dermoscopy has been shown to increase the diagnostic accuracy of melanoma by 10-2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective in relieving symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hysteroscopic removal of uterine abnormalities in women with unexplained subfertility. The current research
REFUTED. The use of salmeterol with inhaled corticosteroids for asthma treatment is not associated with an increased risk of mortality. The SOPHIA study showed that the use of sal
EFFECTIVE: (yes). The levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS) is effective for treating atypical endometrial hyperplasia (AEH) .
SUPPORTED. Omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, including coronary heart disease, stroke, and heart failure . The mechanism of action is thought to be related to
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
SUPPORTED. (Iodine supplementation is effective in preventing iodine deficiency disorders in children.) Iodine deficiency disorders (IDD) are a group of diseases caused by iodine deficiency. They
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of sliding scale insulin is not recommended in the management of diabetes in non-critically ill hospitalized adults. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of basal
SUPPORTED. (Pyrethroid LLINs with PBO synergist are more effective than pyrethroid LLINs alone.) The addition of PBO to pyrethroid LLINs has been shown
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The effect of omega-6 fats on the risk of cardiovascular disease is not clear. Some studies suggest that omega-6 fats may have a neutral effect on cardiov
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic appendectomy is generally more beneficial than open appendectomy for treating appendicitis. Laparoscopic appendectomy is associated with shorter hospital stay, lower
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Oral isotretinoin is effective for treating acne vulgaris. It has been shown to be effective in treating severe acne vulgaris, especially in women. It is also
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Baclofen is effective for treating alcohol use disorder . Baclofen is a gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) B receptor agonist that has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is not enough information to support the use of autologous platelet concentrates in periodontal surgery for infrabony defects.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. . Increasing total polyunsaturated fatty acid intake reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that psychotherapy was effective in reducing depressive symptoms
SUPPORTED. Anti-angiogenic therapy improves survival in patients with high-grade glioma .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that the use of perioperative dexamethas
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Probiotics are live microorganisms that are intended to have health benefits when consumed or applied to the body. Probiotics are often used to treat and prevent diarrhea
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of omega-3 LCPUFA supplementation during pregnancy to reduce the risk of preterm birth. However, the evidence is insufficient
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Fecal microbiota transplantation (FMT) is a treatment that involves transferring fecal microbiota from a healthy donor to a patient with a disease. FMT has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend that patients with asymptomatic metastatic colorectal cancer should not start chemotherapy immediately, but the
SUPPORTED. There is evidence that strategies for improving workplace health interventions effectively enhance employee health behaviors. A systematic review of 10 studies found that workplace health interventions can improve employee health behaviors, including physical activity, nutrition,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that the effectiveness of IVM in women with PCOS is not significantly different from that in women with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of first-line RAS inhibitors over other first-line antihypertensive drugs for people with hypertension. The choice of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is currently no gene therapy approved for the treatment of sickle cell disease. However, there are ongoing clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of gene therapy in patients with sickle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ezetimibe is a cholesterol absorption inhibitor that has been shown to reduce LDL-C levels in patients with hypercholesterolemia. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in addition to antibiotics for treating septic arthritis in children. However, the use of corticoster
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of phosphodiesterase inhibitors in the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia. The current evidence is based on small studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, there is evidence that positive results are more likely to be published than negative results in general [1, 2].
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the use of mefloquine for preventing malaria in pregnancy found that there were no randomized
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is more effective than other psychosocial therapies for treating schizophrenia. CBT is a type of psychosocial therapy that
SUPPORTED. Phonics training is effective in improving reading skills for poor readers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of omega-3 fatty acid supplementation to maintain vascular access patency in patients undergoing hemodialysis. A systematic review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that acupuncture was associated with a significant
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based medicine: systematic review of randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the timing of dornase alfa inhalation affects clinical outcomes in people with cystic fibrosis. The optimal timing of d
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of moxibustion to reduce side effects of cancer treatments. However, there are some studies that suggest that moxibustion may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of protocol-directed sedation management in mechanically ventilated patients. The current literature is inconclusive and does not provide clear evidence of the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of supplementary feeding to improve health outcomes in vulnerable populations.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of tocilizumab on thyroid eye disease. Tocilizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that adopting an upright position during the second stage of labor improves outcomes for women with epidural analgesia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiretroviral resistance testing to improve health outcomes for HIV-positive individuals.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of perioperative alcohol cessation interventions in reducing postoperative complications. However, there is evidence that perioperative alcohol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Koh et al. 2017 1 found that there is no significant difference in the rate of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine screening of patients with unprovoked VTE for undiagnosed cancer. The incidence of cancer in patients with unprovoked VTE is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cannabis is not recommended for treating Crohn's disease. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of cannabis for treating Crohn's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that rutosides were effective in reducing the symptoms of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of cannabis for treating ulcerative colitis. However, there is a need
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The ketogenic diet has been shown to be effective in reducing seizures in people with drug-resistant epilepsy. The ketogenic diet is a high-fat
SUPPORTED. Vertebroplasty is a minimally invasive surgical procedure that involves the injection of bone cement into one or more vertebral bodies to treat osteoporotic vertebral fractures
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Insecticide-treated nets reduce child mortality and malaria morbidity. Insecticide-treated nets have been shown to reduce child mortality by 16
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that graduated compression stockings prevent deep vein thrombosis in hospitalised patients.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that space spraying reduces malaria transmission. Insecticide space spraying has been used in the past as a method of malaria control, but it has been shown to be ineffective and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of follow-up services for ICU survivors in improving their health-related quality of life and addressing their unmet health needs.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of individual caseworker-assigned discharge plans in preventing hospitalizations for acute respiratory exacerbations in children with chronic lung diseases
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin and mineral supplements to improve cognitive function in people with mild cognitive impairment. However, there is some evidence that vitamin B
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Subpial transection is a surgical procedure that involves making an incision in the subpial region of the brain, which is the layer of tissue that covers the surface of the
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Action observation therapy (AOT) is a form of therapy that involves observing the movements of a therapist performing a task and then attempting to perform the same task. AOT has been shown to
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral hygiene advice is effective in improving oral health. Oral hygiene advice is effective in improving oral health. Oral hygiene advice is effective in improving oral health.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Gene therapy is a promising approach for the treatment of peripheral arterial disease (PAD), but there is currently insufficient evidence to support its use in clinical practice. While some studies have
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic surgery is as effective as laparotomy for women with early stage endometrial cancer. The current evidence suggests that laparoscopic surgery is as effective as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial on the effectiveness of stem cell therapy for treating thromboangiitis obliterans (Buerger's disease). However, there are some case reports and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . Chlorpromazine and piperacetazine are both antipsychotic medications used to treat schizophrenia. However, there is no direct comparison between the two drugs in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the superiority of surgical portosystemic shunts over TIPS for treating variceal haemorrhage in people with cirrhotic portal
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Swallowing therapy is effective in improving swallowing function and reducing aspiration in stroke patients with dysphagia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current clinical research has not provided sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness and safety of GABA receptor agonists
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic antibiotics in reducing exacerbations in COPD patients. The use of prophylactic antibiotics in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled antibiotics to improve quality of life for people with cystic fibrosis during pulmonary exacerbations.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical research to support the effectiveness of carvedilol in preventing complications in patients with cirrhosis and varices. However, carvedilol has been shown to be effective
SUPPORTED. (moderate evidence) The risk of developing type 2 diabetes is increased in people with intermediate hyperglycaemia. The risk is higher in people with impaired fasting glucose (IFG
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Heliox is not recommended for routine use in children with croup. Heliox is not effective in relieving symptoms in children with croup. Heliox is not recommended for routine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clear evidence that percutaneous vascular interventions are more effective than intravenous thrombolytic treatment for acute ischaemic stroke. However, the effectiveness
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that extended-field radiotherapy improves survival in women with locally advanced cervical cancer. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute this hypothesis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Gabapentin is not recommended as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant focal epilepsy. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of gab
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of carbamazepine over phenyto
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of early postoperative enteral nutrition in patients undergoing lower gastrointestinal surgery. The current evidence is limited to observational studies and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that penile rehabilitation strategies did
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The systematic review by Buhrmann et al. 2016  showed that ergonomic interventions can reduce the prevalence of neck and upper limb symptoms in office
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Prosthetic rehabilitation interventions improve walking ability in older patients after transfemoral amputation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials comparing oxcarbazepine with phenytoin for the treatment of seizures found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  found that there is no evidence to support the use of one ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Montelukast is a leukotriene receptor antagonist that is used to treat asthma and allergic rhinitis. It has also been studied as a treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hCG during embryo transfer in women undergoing assisted reproduction. The current evidence is conflicting and does not support the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hydrolyzed formulas to prevent allergic disease in infants compared to standard formulas or breast milk. The current evidence is conflicting and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Colchicine is effective in reducing attacks in people with familial Mediterranean fever. Colchicine is the first-line treatment for FMF. It has been shown to reduce the frequency
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Zonisamide is effective as an add-on treatment for focal epilepsy that is not controlled by other medications. Zonisamide is a sulfonamide derivative that has been approved
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2015  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with a total
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence for the effectiveness of interventions for cardiac involvement in dystrophinopathies. However, there is evidence that the use of angiotensin-conver
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Anti-VEGF drugs are effective in improving vision for people with diabetic macular oedema. Diabetic macular oedema is a common cause of visual impairment in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The EURopean and American TRials in Ovarian Cancer (EORTC) conducted a phase III trial (NCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2013  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of Chinese
SUPPORTED. Laser photocoagulation is effective in treating diabetic macular oedema . The Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study (ETDRS) showed that laser photocoagulation reduced
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The systematic review by Koch et al. 2015  showed that ergonomic interventions can reduce the prevalence of musculoskeletal disorders in dental
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that early taxane-based chemotherapy improves survival in men with hormone-sensitive prostate cancer. The question is not relevant to the current clinical practice. The
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Family therapy is effective for treating anorexia nervosa compared to standard treatments .
SUPPORTED. Exercise training can help reduce the risk of falls in cancer survivors. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,030 participants showed
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Providing information to people with multiple sclerosis improves their disease-related knowledge.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Information or education interventions improve outcomes for adult ICU patients and their carers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vasodilators to improve the chances of successful pregnancies in women undergoing fertility treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the statement that primary surgery improves survival for stage IB2 cervical cancer compared to chemoradiotherapy. The current standard of care for stage IB
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of naloxone in pregnant women with opioid use disorder. However, there is a need for further research to determine the safety and eff
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of different attachment systems for implant overdentures in improving patient outcomes. The effectiveness of different attachment systems for implant overdentures in
SUPPORTED. Pressure-relieving support surfaces are effective in treating pressure ulcers. The use of pressure-relieving support surfaces can reduce the incidence of pressure ulcers in high-risk patients . The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dietary modifications to reduce colic in infants under four months old. The current research does not provide enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Naftopidil is a non-steroidal anti-androgen that has been used in Japan for the treatment of prostate cancer. It has been reported to have an inhibitory
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Eszopiclone is effective for treating insomnia. Eszopiclone is a non-benzodiazepine hypnotic that has been shown to improve sleep latency
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review by Lai et al. (2015)  found that occupational therapy delivered by trained occupational therapists was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the use of valproate in the treatment of agitation in people with dementia. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is based on a single RCT with a small sample size. The results are not conclusive. The study was term
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of evidence on the effectiveness of universal school-based interventions to prevent multiple risk behaviours in young people.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Pelvic floor muscle training is effective in reducing symptoms of urinary incontinence in women. Pelvic floor muscle training is effective in reducing symptoms of urinary incontinence in women
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of low protein diets to slow the progression of chronic kidney disease to end-stage kidney disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychological interventions in reducing needle-related pain and distress in children.
SUPPORTED. Preoperative radiotherapy (neoadjuvant radiotherapy) is superior to surgery alone for patients with localized resectable rectal cancer. Preoperative radiotherapy reduces local recurrence and improves
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium supplementation in reducing the risk of pre-eclampsia and related complications. The World Health Organization (WHO) recomm
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The effectiveness of root coverage procedures in treating gum recession has been supported by clinical research. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that the mean
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antihypertensive drugs to reduce severe hypertension in pregnant women with mild to moderate hypertension.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
EFFECTIVE: Yes, ibuprofen is effective for closing a patent ductus arteriosus in preterm infants . SAFER: Yes, ibuprofen is safer than indomethacin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that oral care measures can prevent pneumonia in nursing home residents. However, there is some evidence that dental care can reduce the risk of aspiration
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of non-clinical interventions in reducing unnecessary caesarean sections. However, there is evidence that clinical interventions such as the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulised hypertonic saline in people with cystic fibrosis. The Cochrane review on the topic found no evidence
REFUTED. There is no evidence that systemic antibiotics improve outcomes for adults with dental pain from apical periodontitis or acute abscess. The use of systemic antibiotics in the treatment of ap
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of modified consistency of food and fluids to improve oral intake and reduce aspiration in adults with dysphagia and dementia. However
SUPPORTED. Glucose-lowering agents are effective and safe for people with diabetes and chronic kidney disease. The American Diabetes Association (ADA) recommends that people with diabetes and chronic kidney disease should
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2015  included 11 studies (n = 1099) that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that vitamin D supplementation did
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Exercise interventions can effectively promote long-term exercise behavior in cancer survivors.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Prophylactic platelet transfusions are effective in reducing bleeding during surgery for people with low platelet counts.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bronchoscopy-guided antimicrobial therapy for managing lung infections in cystic fibrosis. However, bronchos
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of art therapy as a treatment for dementia. However, there is evidence that art therapy can be used as a complementary therapy to improve the
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether alternative methods for estimating blood loss during childbirth help reduce complications from postpartum hemorrhage.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of one type of mesh over another for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of patient-mediated interventions on healthcare professionals' adherence to clinical practice guidelines.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of antifungal agents in the treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis is controversial. Some studies have shown that antif
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antigen-specific active immunotherapy is effective for treating ovarian cancer. However, there is some evidence that antigen-specific passive immunotherapy (e
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Antibiotics are effective for treating adults with acute rhinosinusitis in outpatient settings. The American Academy of Family Physicians (AAFP) recommends antibiotics for adults
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that homeopathic medicinal products are effective for preventing and treating acute respiratory tract infections in children. The Cochrane review on this topic included 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of colostrum in preterm infants to reduce the risk of infections and improve survival. However, there is some evidence that colostrum
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The Cochrane systematic review of 2016  showed that multifactorial interventions in hospitals and care facilities reduce the rate of falls by 29% (95
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. A shorter course of antibiotics is as effective and safe as a longer course for treating community-acquired pneumonia in outpatients.
SUPPORTED. Dornase alfa improves lung function in cystic fibrosis patients compared to placebo .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of antifungal therapy in treating chronic rhinosinusitis is still controversial. A systematic review of randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that pharmacists' non-dispensing services improve outcomes for non-hospitalised patients. The current research does not provide enough information to support
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Robot-assisted arm training improves upper limb function after stroke .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Antidepressants are not recommended for the treatment of depression in patients with dementia. However, antidepressants are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics to prevent or treat diarrhoea caused by cancer treatments. However, probiotics are generally considered safe and may be considered
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018 compared the efficacy of epidural analgesia and intravenous patient-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of immunonutrition in patients undergoing surgery for head and neck cancer. A systematic review published in 2016 included 1
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antifungal prophylaxis reduces the incidence of cryptococcal disease in HIV-positive individuals with low CD4 counts. (explanation) A Cochrane
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the effectiveness of autologous cell therapies from different sources for treating 'no-option' CLI patients is
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: B) Intravenous diclofenac is effective in pain relief for postoperative patients. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that the use of perioperative dexamethas
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The Xpert test is a molecular test that detects the presence of the DNA of Mycobacterium tuberculosis in clinical samples. It is a rapid test that can be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of risk-reducing salpingo-oophorectomy to improve survival rates for women with BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutations
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that a once-daily combination inhaler of corticosteroids and beta₂-agonists is more effective than a long-acting muscarinic ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of supplementing human milk with carbohydrates to improve growth and health outcomes in preterm infants. However, there is evidence that supplement
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based medicine). The current evidence supports the use of antibiotics for the treatment of Buruli ulcer. The recommended antibiotic regimens are rifampicin and streptomy
SUPPORTED. Medication reconciliation reduces medication discrepancies during care transitions .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in pain scores between patients who received
REFUTED. The use of glucocorticoids in children with croup is not supported by the current clinical research. The Cochrane review of 2017  showed that there is no evidence that gl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of phosphate binders in people with chronic kidney disease. The use of phosphate binders is not recommended for people with chronic kid
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support the statement that the type of anaesthesia used in elderly patients affects their postoperative cognitive function.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient information on the effectiveness of recanalisation therapies for people who have a stroke while sleeping.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that stopping intravenous oxytocin after the active phase of labor improves birth outcomes. The current research has not provided enough information to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of Hib conjugate vaccines in people with sickle cell disease. Hib conjugate vaccines are recommended for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that one of these treatments is superior to the other. The choice of treatment should be based on the patient's condition, the location of the metastasis, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the use of client feedback tools to improve mental health outcomes in children and adolescents undergoing therapy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding xenon to hypothermia improves outcomes for newborns with hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy. The XENO
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of perioperative inter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Virtual reality simulation training can effectively supplement conventional endoscopy training for beginners .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The use of assisted reproductive technology (ART) procedures, such as in vitro fertilization (IVF) and intracytoplasmic sperm injection (IC
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. There is no systematic review or randomized controlled trial. The current literature is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Khoja et al. (2018)  included 11 studies that examined the effectiveness of
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Endovascular coiling is more effective than neurosurgical clipping for preventing poor outcomes in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage . The Cochr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review by Goyal et al. 2014  found that mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR) was effective
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Acupuncture and acupressure are effective for treating premenstrual syndrome (PMS) . Acupuncture is effective for treating PMS symptoms such as depression, anxiety,
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that women with GDM receive lifestyle interventions, including diet and exercise, to achieve a target weight
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of short-stay units for patients with internal medicine conditions. A systematic review of 11 studies found that short-stay units were associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review of the literature on the topic was conducted, but no studies were found that met the inclusion criteria.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is mainly focused on the comparison between distraction osteogenesis and conventional orthognathic surgery in patients with cle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of thrombolysis over surgery for treating acute limb ischaemia. However, the choice of treatment should be based on the patient'
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (supported) . Amphetamines are effective for treating adults with ADHD. Amphetamines are effective in reducing the symptoms of ADHD and improving the quality of life of adults with ADHD
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of sodium valproate for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The needle size used for vaccination is not a major concern in the literature. However, the needle size may be a concern for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vitamin A is a fat-soluble vitamin that is essential for maintaining normal vision, immune function, and cell growth. Vitamin A deficiency is associated with an increased risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The use of a partograph is effective in improving maternal and perinatal outcomes during labor. The partograph is a simple tool that can be used to monitor the progress of labor and detect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding all-trans retinoic acid to chemotherapy improves outcomes for adults with acute myeloid leukaemia. However, there is evidence that
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Mirtazapine is effective in treating fibromyalgia . Mirtazapine is effective in reducing pain, improving sleep quality, and improving quality of life in patients with fib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic corticosteroids before elective caesarean section at term to reduce neonatal respiratory complications.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the optimal treatment for DIOS in CF patients. The current treatment regimens include nasogastric tube decompression, intravenous fluids, and antibiot
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The current research shows that there are several diagnostic tools for diagnosing autism spectrum disorder in preschool children, and their accuracy varies. The Diagnostic Analysis of Social and Communication Dis
SUPPORTED. (evidence) In a systematic review and meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,600 critically ill patients, colloid solutions were associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of surgical portosystemic shunts or oesophagogastric devascularisation procedures in preventing variceal rebleeding in people with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The CFTR corrector, ivacaftor, has been approved by the FDA for use in the United States since 2
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Natalizumab is effective for inducing remission in Crohn's disease. Natalizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to the ad
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of red blood cell transfusions in the prevention of complications in people with sickle cell disease. However, transfusions are used to treat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hand exercises for adults with rheumatoid arthritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics in treating children with prolonged wet cough. However, the duration of coughing should be considered. If the cough has been prolong
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic colposuspension is effective for treating urinary incontinence in women. Laparoscopic colposuspension is a surgical procedure that involves
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of long-term antibiotic treatment for chronic methicillin-sensitive Staphylococcus aureus infection in cystic
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Wearable activity monitors can help increase physical activity levels in people with stroke. A systematic review of 10 studies found that wearable activity monitors can increase physical activity levels in
SUPPORTED. (1) A randomized controlled trial (RCT) conducted in Thailand compared the efficacy of one-week AmBd and 5FC-based induction therapy with that of two-week Am
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ear drops in the removal of ear wax in adults and children. The current research does not provide enough information to support the use of ear drops in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of ear drops for removing symptomatic ear wax. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether ear drops are effective for removing symptomatic ear
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no research on the effectiveness of parent-mediated communication interventions on the communication skills of preschool children with motor disorders.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (effective) Communication skills training is effective for healthcare professionals in cancer care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to answer this question. The search strategy included the following databases: PubMed, Embase
SUPPORTED. Pembrolizumab improves overall survival in patients with advanced urothelial carcinoma after chemotherapy. The KEYNOTE-361 trial showed that pembrolizumab
SUPPORTED. Multifactorial and multiple component interventions help prevent falls in older people living in the community. (Label: Multifactorial and multiple component interventions help prevent falls in older people living in the community)
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Music-based interventions improve emotional well-being in people with dementia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that eradicating MRSA improves health outcomes for people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is also no evidence that eradicating MRSA wors
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The SPRINT trial showed that lowering systolic blood pressure to less than 120 mmHg in patients with hypert
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions to improve shared decision making increased the use of shared decision making by healthcare professionals . Another systematic review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antihypertensive drugs reduce the risk of recurrent stroke in patients with a history of stroke or TIA. The Cochrane review of 2019 included 10
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of environmental or behavioral modifications to improve food and fluid intake in people with dementia.
SUPPORTED. . Increasing total polyunsaturated fatty acid intake reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease.
SUPPORTED. Omega-3 fatty acids have been shown to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, including coronary heart disease, stroke, and heart failure . The mechanism of action is thought to be related to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The effect of omega-6 fats on the risk of cardiovascular disease is not clear. Some studies suggest that omega-6 fats may have a neutral effect on cardiov
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of de-escalation techniques for managing aggression in care settings. The effectiveness of de-escalation techniques is difficult to determine due to
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, it is generally recommended to continue aspirin therapy before non-cardiac surgery in patients with a high risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antiseptic solutions to clean the vagina before cesarean delivery in reducing the risk of maternal infections.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that nurses provide equal or better care compared to primary care doctors. The quality of care provided by nurses and primary care doctors depends on various factors, including
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antithrombotic treatment in people with antiphospholipid antibodies who have not had a thromb
SUPPORTED. Parent training interventions can help parents with intellectual disabilities improve their parenting skills .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Nivolumab is an anti-PD-1 antibody that has been approved for the treatment of several solid tumors, including melanoma, non-small cell lung cancer,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of calcium channel blockers on heart iron levels in patients with beta thalassaemia is not clear.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Clobazam is effective as a monotherapy for new-onset focal or generalized seizures. Clobazam is effective in reducing seizure frequency in children with focal
SUPPORTED. Mirror therapy is effective for improving motor function after a stroke.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the effectiveness of any treatment to prevent recurrent corneal erosion after trauma. However, there are some studies that suggest that topical lubricants
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Low tidal volume ventilation during surgery reduces postoperative complications in adults.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ketorolac is effective and safe for treating postoperative pain in children. Ketorolac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSA
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychological therapies are effective in treating mental disorders in people living in humanitarian settings in low- and middle-income countries.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The relationship between total fat intake and body fatness is not clear in children. Some studies have found a positive association, while others have found no association. A systematic review published in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of remote ischaemic conditioning in the prevention or treatment of ischaemic stroke. The current research is limited to animal studies and small-scale
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tocolytics in women with uterine tachysystole during labor. The use of tocolytics in women with uterine
SUPPORTED. Negative pressure wound therapy (NPWT) is effective for treating open traumatic wounds. NPWT is a method of wound management that involves the use of a vacuum-producing pump to apply sub-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antifibrinolytic agents to prevent bleeding in patients on anticoagulants during dental procedures. The use of antifibr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct evidence comparing the effectiveness of new immunosuppressive treatments with cyclophosphamide plus corticosteroids for lupus nephritis. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific treatment for chronic non-hypovolaemic hyponatraemia. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials comparing lamotrigine with carbamazepine for the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that cholinesterase inhibitors (donepezil
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacological treatments for ADHD in children with tic disorders. However, there is evidence that stimulant medications may worsen t
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Terlipressin is a synthetic analog of arginine vasopressin that has been used to treat hepatorenal syndrome since 1980s. Terlip
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that influenza vaccination did not reduce the risk of resp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that DMEK and DSAEK have similar visual acuity and endothelial cell count outcomes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that early planned removal of PICCs helps prevent bloodstream infections in newborn infants. The current literature does not support the use of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Botulinum toxin type A is effective in reducing the frequency of chronic migraine attacks. Botulinum toxin type A is effective in reducing the frequency of chronic migraine attacks
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of automated systems for early detection of sepsis in critically ill patients. The use of automated systems for early detection of sepsis in crit
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not recommended for routine use in asthma exacerbations unless there is a co-infection or a specific indication such as pneumonia . A Cochrane review of antib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that fibrin sealants can effectively prevent postoperative pancreatic fistula after pancreatic surgery. However, there are some studies that have shown
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of mobile phone interventions to improve adherence to medication for preventing cardiovascular disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nasal saline irrigation in the treatment of allergic rhinitis. However, saline irrigation is generally considered safe and may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of protein-supplemented human milk to improve growth in preterm infants. The current research has shown that protein-supplemented human
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Pharmacologic therapies are effective for managing opium withdrawal symptoms.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,000 patients
SUPPORTED. Regional anaesthesia is effective in preventing persistent postoperative pain after surgery .
REFUTED. There is evidence that donor breast milk is superior to formula in terms of growth outcomes in preterm and low birth weight infants. A meta-analysis of 12 randomized controlled trials including 1,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kessler et al. 2018 1 compared nurse-led care with doctor-led care
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that adding fat to human milk improves growth and development in preterm infants. However, there is evidence that human milk feeding is associated with improved
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Donepezil is a cholinesterase inhibitor that has been shown to improve cognitive function in people with Alzheimer's disease. A Cochrane review of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that immunosuppressive drugs prevent graft rejection in cystic fibrosis patients after lung transplantation. However, there is also no evidence that
SUPPORTED. Low molecular weight heparins are more effective than vitamin K antagonists for treating blood clots in cancer patients .
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Antipsychotics reduce the duration of delirium in hospitalized adults .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of compression therapy is supported by the current clinical research. The use of compression therapy is supported by the current clinical research. The use of compression therapy is supported by the current clinical research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the route of corticosteroid administration affects health outcomes for women and their babies. The current research has not been able to provide a clear answer to this
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of iridotomy in slowing the progression of visual field loss in patients with primary angle-closure glaucoma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether laxative agents are effective in preventing distal intestinal obstruction syndrome in c
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Fluphenazine is effective in treating schizophrenia. Fluphenazine is a first-generation antipsychotic that has been used to treat schizophren
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2016 found that there was no significant difference
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Dual antibiotics are not recommended for the treatment of bronchiectasis. However, the use of dual antibiotics
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is insufficient evidence to determine whether enteral nutrition is more effective than p
ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is evidence that couple therapy is effective for treating depression compared to individual therapy. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that couple therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. (lack of evidence)
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Opioids are effective in relieving pain during labor .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Crimean Congo haemorrhagic fever is a viral disease caused by the Crimean Congo haemorrhagic fever virus. There is no specific treatment for Crime
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hypocaloric nutrition in critically ill adults. The optimal caloric intake for critically ill adults remains unknown. The current practice of using
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The incidence of upper gastrointestinal bleeding in ICU patients is 1.5% to 2.5%.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of videolaryngoscopy in neonates. A systematic review by Kang et al.  found that there was no significant difference in
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 studies and found no significant difference in the clinical effic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017 compared the efficacy and safety of oral and intramuscular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no preferred medicament for treating extensive decay in primary teeth. The choice of medicament depends on the type of cavity, the extent of the decay, and the condition of the pul
SUPPORTED. Nicotine replacement therapy is effective for long-term smoking cessation .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Necrotizing soft tissue infections (NSTIs) are a heterogeneous group of infections that can be caused by various pathogens and require prompt medical and surgical intervention.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Vaccines are effective in preventing typhoid fever. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends vaccination for people who are at increased risk of developing typhoid fever, including
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The implantable miniature telescope is a surgical procedure that involves the implantation of a magnifying lens into the eye to improve vision in people with advanced age-related macular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the superiority of endoscopic stent placement over surgical palliation for patients with malignant gastric outlet obstruction. However
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical research).
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 11 studies found that interventions such as patient education, reminders, and financial incentives can improve influenza vaccination rates in people aged 60 and older
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Neuromuscular electrostimulation improves muscle strength and exercise capacity in people with COPD.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cryotherapy is a minimally invasive procedure that involves the use of extreme cold to destroy prostate cancer cells. It is an alternative to surgery and radiation therapy. The procedure involves the insertion
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Mirtazapine is effective in treating schizophrenia . Mirtazapine is effective in treating schizophrenia . Mirtazapine is effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of educating healthcare professionals in preventing pressure ulcers. However, there is evidence that education can improve knowledge and skills in pressure ulcer prevention.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of time-lapse systems in assisted reproductive technology. The use of time-lapse systems in assisted reproductive technology is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aromatase inhibitors to improve pregnancy rates in women with anovulatory PCOS. Aromatase inhibitors have been studied
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review  showed that respiratory muscle training (RMT) may improve lung function in people with cystic fib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are some studies that have compared the effectiveness of bioresorbable fixation systems to titanium systems in managing facial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether antiepileptic drugs are effective in preventing seizures after craniotomy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the preferred treatment for Angle Class III malocclusion in adults. Treatment options include functional appliances, orthognathic surgery, and a combination of both.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The 2-stage procedure is the gold standard for implant placement in partially and completely edentulous patients. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of blue-light filtering intraocular lenses to provide protection to macular health compared to non-blue-light filtering lenses
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The combined oral contraceptive pill is effective in treating pain from endometriosis . However, the evidence is insufficient to determine the effectiveness of the combined oral contraceptive pill
EFFECTIVE: Yes, epidural analgesia is more effective for mothers during labor compared to non-epidural pain relief .SAFER: Yes, epidural analgesia is safer for mothers during labor compared to non
SUPPORTED. Educational interventions improve complementary feeding practices of caregivers .
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Interventions aimed at increasing fruit and vegetable consumption in young children effectively improve their intake.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on automated epidural infusion during labor is mainly focused on the effect of continuous epidural infusion on the mode of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of water immersion during labour and birth on maternal and neonatal outcomes. The current research has shown that water immersion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled corticosteroids in the treatment of bronchiectasis. The use of inhaled corticosteroids in the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The safety of hormone replacement therapy for women treated for early-stage endometrial cancer is not clear. Some studies suggest that horm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Trihexyphenidyl is a drug that has been used to treat dystonia in people with cerebral palsy. However, there is currently insufficient evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nursing record systems to improve nursing practice and patient outcomes. However, the use of nursing record systems can improve the efficiency of nursing work and reduce the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of L-ornithine L-aspartate in patients with cirrhosis and hepatic encephalopathy. A systematic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of processed EEG or auditory evoked potential indices during anesthesia to reduce the risk of postoperative delirium and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Psychotherapy is effective for adults with treatment-resistant depression. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,0
SUPPORTED. Antidepressants are effective for treating insomnia in adults. Antidepressants are effective in treating insomnia in adults, but the evidence is limited to short-term studies. The most recent meta
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether a specific method of sedation and analgesia is more effective for pain relief during oocyte retrieval. The current evidence is limited to small,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of glucocorticosteroids in infants with biliary atresia after Kasai portoenterostomy. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of non-pharmacological therapies in the treatment of chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intranasal Cyclamen europaeum is not recommended for treating acute sinusitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of higher doses of antipsychotic medication to improve outcomes for people with schizophrenia who haven't responded to initial treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kishimoto et al. (2019) compared the efficacy of increasing the ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Stiripentol is a potent inhibitor of voltage-gated sodium channels and is used as an add-on treatment for focal refractory epilepsy. However
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Melatonin improves sleep quality and quantity in ICU patients. Melatonin is a hormone that regulates the sleep-wake cycle. It is secreted by the pineal
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Methylphenidate treatment for ADHD in children and adolescents is associated with adverse events. The most common adverse events are decreased appetite, insomnia,
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Early intensive behavioral intervention is effective in improving skills and reducing symptoms in young children with autism spectrum disorders.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that there was no significant difference in the incidence of
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Grommets are effective in reducing recurrent ear infections in children. The use of grommets in children with recurrent acute otitis media (AOM) and/
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether inducing labor at or beyond term reduces the risks of stillbirth and neonatal death compared to waiting for spontaneous labor.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The HPV vaccine has been shown to be effective in preventing cervical precancer in young women. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials showed that the HPV
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to improve adherence to iron chelation therapy in people with sickle cell disease or thalassaemia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Stroke service interventions improve control of risk factors for secondary stroke prevention.
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture provides significant benefits for patients with hip osteoarthritis. Acupuncture is effective in relieving pain and improving function in patients with hip osteoarthritis. Ac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Apathy is a common neuropsychiatric symptom in Alzheimer's disease, but the effectiveness of pharmacotherapy for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The optimal oxygen concentration during resuscitation is still unclear. The optimal oxygen concentration during resuscitation is still unclear. The
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Clonazepam is effective as an add-on therapy for refractory epileptic seizures . Clonazepam is a benzodiazepine that has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to determine whether there is a specific platelet transfusion threshold that should be used before lumbar punctures or epidural anaesthesia in people with low
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different tests for identifying the causes of stillbirth improve outcomes for parents. The outcomes of interest include psychological, emotional, and social outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preventive measures like moisturisers and barrier creams to reduce the risk of occupational irritant hand dermatitis. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Regional anaesthesia is effective in reducing the risk of persistent postoperative pain after surgery .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether other uterotonic drugs are more effective than oxytocin for preventing postpartum haemorrhage. The Cochrane
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of smectite in reducing the duration of diarrhoea in children with acute infectious diarrhoea. A systematic review published
RELIABLE: (supported) . Rufinamide is effective as an add-on treatment for people with refractory epilepsy. Rufinamide is a novel antiepileptic drug that has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that antidepressants were not more effective than place
SUPPORTED. (system-wide interventions improve the use of thromboprophylaxis in hospitalized patients at risk for VTE) . System-wide interventions have been shown to improve the use of th
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of modified postural drainage to reduce gastroesophageal reflux in infants with cystic fibrosis. The current literature
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Antidepressants are effective for treating depressive symptoms in adults with cancer. Antidepressants are effective in treating depressive symptoms in adults with cancer, but the evidence is limited to short
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on oral immunotherapy for egg allergy in children found that the evidence is insufficient to determine whether
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-VEGF agents in combination with steroids for diabetic macular oedema. However, there is evidence to support the use of
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Antidepressants are effective in preventing postnatal depression.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of antihypertensive drugs is associated with a reduction in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality in patients with high blood pressure. The use of antihypertensive
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The transradial approach for coronary procedures provides better short-term outcomes than the transfemoral approach in patients with coronary artery disease. The transradial approach is associated with a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence that early haemostatic therapy improves outcomes for adults with
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Exercise has been shown to improve psychosocial function in people with chronic joint pain. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that exercise interventions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of visual reading aids in adults with low vision. The use of visual reading aids in adults with low vision is not supported by the current clinical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-benzodiazepine GABA agonist drugs in the treatment of antipsychotic-induced tardive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research comparing the effectiveness of prostanoid infusion and lumbar sympathectomy for treating pain in critical limb ischaemia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of antifibrinolytic agents for the treatment of heavy menstrual bleeding is not recommended due to the lack
SUPPORTED. Non-invasive brain stimulation techniques effectively reduce chronic pain. The most commonly used non-invasive brain stimulation techniques are transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), transcranial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of the single-stage rendezvous technique over the two-stage procedure for treating gallbladder and bile duct stones. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that optical corrections for refractive error help reduce eye symptoms in computer users.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that homeopathic remedies are effective in treating acute respiratory tract infections in children. The Cochrane review on this topic, which included 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that one type of orthodontic adhesive is superior to another. The choice of adhesive is often based on the preference of the clinician and the manufacturer
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Supervised exercise therapy improves walking distance for patients with intermittent claudication.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 2015  showed that there is no clear evidence that grommet insertion reduces
SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of paracetamol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Alpha-blockers are not recommended for routine use in the management of ureteral stones. However, alpha-blockers can be used in patients with ureteral stones and hy
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Antidepressants are effective in treating panic disorder compared to placebo.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that risk-reducing mastectomy lowers the risk of dying from breast cancer in women at high risk. The current evidence is insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Vertebroplasty is a minimally invasive surgical procedure that involves the injection of bone cement into one or more vertebral bodies to treat osteoporotic vertebral fractures
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that different final-impression techniques and materials significantly improve the quality of life for denture wearers. The quality of life of denture wearers
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that contracting out governmental health services improves health outcomes and service delivery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antimicrobial lock solutions to prevent catheter-related infections in patients undergoing haemodialysis. The use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  compared the efficacy of oral ivermectin and top
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the use of low-dose naltrexone in the treatment of Crohn's disease found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective in improving the recovery of neurological function in patients with stroke . Acupuncture can improve the recovery of neurological function in patients with stroke, reduce the incidence of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that long-term inhaled antibiotic therapy improves lung function in people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence that long-term in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that antipsychotic agents are associated with increased mortality and morbidity in older people with dement
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mind-body relaxation techniques to manage pain during labor. However, there is some evidence that suggests that mind-body relaxation techniques may be helpful in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of massage or reflexology for pain management during labor. However, there is some evidence that suggests that massage may be beneficial for reducing anxiety and depression
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Inhaled antibiotics have been shown to be effective in treating bronchiectasis, but the evidence is limited to small
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The use of closed-system drug-transfer devices is recommended to reduce exposure to hazardous drugs, but the evidence is not strong
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Early mobilization or active exercise in the ICU improves physical function and quality of life for critically ill adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium channel blockers in the treatment of tardive dyskinesia. The current evidence is limited to case reports and small case series.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of oral nutritional supplements on the treatment of visceral leishmaniasis. The only available information is a systematic review on the effect
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cognitive-behavioural therapy (CBT) is effective for treating adults with ADHD. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (R
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the use of mefloquine for preventing malaria in pregnancy found that there were no randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of a vascular access specialist team compared to a generalist model for inserting and managing vascular access devices. However, there is evidence that a v
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best chemotherapy regimen for advanced pancreatic cancer. However, combination chemotherapy is often used in clinical practice. The most common first-line combination chem
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cholinergic drugs in the treatment of tardive dyskinesia. However, the use of cholinergic drugs is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether a shorter duration of systemic corticosteroid treatment is effective for adults with acute exacerbations of COPD. The optimal duration of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for tardive dyskinesia. The current treatment is mainly symptomatic treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. (lack of evidence) Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) is a blood product that contains antibodies against a wide range of pathogens. It
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Metabolomics is a relatively new field of research that has not yet been fully explored in the context of assisted reproductive technologies. There is currently insufficient evidence to support the use
SUPPORTED. Non-invasive brain stimulation techniques, such as transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), have been shown to effectively reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of folate supplementation for the treatment of sickle cell disease. However, folate deficiency is common in patients with sickle cell disease and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of modern laser techniques for treating proliferative diabetic retinopathy compared to the standard argon laser is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of macrolide antibiotics in the treatment of bronchiectasis. However, the use of macrolides in the treatment of bronchie
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of systemic corticosteroids in children with acute otitis media. However, the use of systemic corticosteroids in children with
SUPPORTED. (The urea breath test is more accurate than serology and stool antigen tests for diagnosing Helicobacter pylori infection.) The urea breath test is a non-invasive test
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of pharmacological interventions for benzodiazepine use disorder. However, there is some evidence that naltrexone may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of supraglottic airway
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The NBAS and NBO systems are not supported by the current clinical research to improve caregiver-infant interaction. However, the NBAS and NBO systems are supported by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of systematic preconception genetic risk assessment for carriers of certain genetic disorders. The current research is limited to the use of preconception genetic testing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the effectiveness of early orthodontic treatment for prominent upper front teeth. The effectiveness of early orthodontic treatment for prominent upper front teeth is still controversial.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of beta-blockers to reduce surgery-related mortality and morbidity in patients undergoing general anaesthesia. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of less commonly used medications in preventing high altitude illness.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Aromatherapy is effective and safe for treating postoperative nausea and vomiting compared to standard medications .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Endovascular revascularisation improves functional performance and quality of life in patients with intermittent claudication .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of seasonal treatments before school return to reduce asthma attacks in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that extracting primary maxillary canines helps prevent palatal eruption of permanent canines. However, there is also no evidence that extracting primary maxillary
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of respiratory support during delayed cord clamping in preterm infants. The current research has shown that the timing of cord clamping
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of oral water soluble contrast in managing malignant bowel obstruction. A Cochrane review in 2015 found no random
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cannabis-based medicine is effective for treating chronic neuropathic pain. Cannabis-based medicine is effective for treating chronic neuropathic pain . However, the optimal dose and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotics at the time of central venous catheter removal in newborn infants. The current research does not provide
SUPPORTED. Factor Xa inhibitors are more effective than vitamin K antagonists in preventing strokes in people with atrial fibrillation . The results of the ENGAGE AF-TIMI 4
REFUTED. α-2 adrenergic agonists do not reduce mortality and cardiac complications in surgery. In fact, they may increase the risk of postoperative complications. α-2
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Fluvastatin is a member of the statin family of drugs that are commonly used to treat hypercholesterolemia. It works by inhibiting the enzyme HMG
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that higher intake of parenteral amino acids improves growth and survival in newborn infants. The current research has not provided
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the superiority of transvaginal repair over transanal repair for posterior vaginal wall prolapse. The choice of surgical approach should be based on
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Acupuncture is effective for treating depression compared to other therapies. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 18 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) is a proliferative vascular disease that affects the developing retina of preterm infants. The pathogenesis of ROP is
SUPPORTED. Lighting interventions can improve alertness and mood in daytime workers. The evidence suggests that lighting interventions can improve alertness and mood in daytime workers. The evidence is based on a systematic review of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kheir et al. 2019 1 found that there is no high-quality evidence to
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of slow-release fluoride devices is effective in preventing dental caries in children. The use of slow-release fluoride devices can reduce the incidence of dental caries
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pulse oximetry is a non-invasive method that measures the oxygen saturation of the blood. It is commonly used to monitor the oxygen saturation of newborns in the
SUPPORTED. Reminiscence therapy has positive effects on people living with dementia. Reminiscence therapy is a psychosocial intervention that involves the recollection of past events and experiences with the aim of improving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ghrelin is a hormone that stimulates appetite and has been studied as a potential treatment for cancer cachexia. However, the current evidence is insufficient to support the use of g
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The efficacy of serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) in the treatment of fibromyalgia has been demonstrated in several clinical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  included 11 RCTs with a total of 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Nutritional labelling helps people choose healthier food and drink options.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at healthcare workers to improve adherence to Standard Precautions in patient care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the impact of welfare-to-work interventions on the health of lone parents and their children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fondaparinux is a parenteral anticoagulant that is used for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. It
SUPPORTED. Brief interventions are effective in reducing excessive alcohol consumption in hazardous drinkers .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Paracetamol overdose is a common poisoning in children, but the incidence of severe liver damage is low.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The Mini-Cog is a brief cognitive screening tool that was developed to be used in primary care settings. It consists of three tasks: clock drawing, animal naming, and serial sevens
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that strategies for improving recruitment to trials have a measurable effect. The strategies include the use of financial incentives, reminders, simplifying the informed consent process,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The WHO recommends treating gonorrhoea in pregnancy with ceftriaxone, but there are no studies that have
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. BIS monitoring is a method of monitoring the depth of sedation in mechanically ventilated ICU patients. It uses an electroencephalogram (EEG) to measure the brain
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antifibrinolytic drugs in the treatment of postpartum hemorrhage. A Cochrane review published in 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the superiority of open surgical treatment over steroid injections for trigger finger. However, the current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of community vision screening in improving vision in older people living independently. The effectiveness of community vision screening in older people living independently is still under debate. Some
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether combination pharmacotherapy is more effective than monotherapy for treating fibromyalgia pain
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of phytomedicines for the treatment of sickle cell disease. However, there are some studies that have shown that some plant extracts may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of vision screening programs in schools to reduce visual acuity deficits in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The relationship between total fat intake and body fatness is not clear in children. Some studies have found a positive association, while others have found no association. A systematic review published in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review by Kwak et al. (2019)  examined the effects of music therapy on the quality of life of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that providing primary care in emergency departments improves care for non-urgent patients. The current research is not sufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents in the treatment of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2018 included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that planned birth improves health outcomes for pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes and their infants. However, there is evidence that planned birth reduces the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (systemic therapy is more effective than best supportive care for metastatic cutaneous melanoma).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of self-management interventions in improving outcomes for people with bronchiectasis. A systematic review by Kessler et al. 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The combination of ipilimumab and nivolumab is superior to ipilimumab alone in terms of overall survival in patients with metastatic melanoma. The combination of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that prophylactic cranial irradiation (PCI) prolongs survival in patients with small cell lung cancer (SCLC) in complete remission. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intraoperative interventions to reduce the risk of surgical site infections. However, there is some evidence that intraoperative inter
SUPPORTED. Topical repellents and spatial repellents can effectively prevent malaria transmission. The most common topical repellent is DEET (N,N-diethyl-3-methylben
SUPPORTED. (systemic treatments improve outcomes for patients with metastatic cutaneous melanoma) . The use of systemic treatments such as chemotherapy, targeted therapy, and immunotherapy has been shown to improve outcomes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of osmotic therapies in patients with acute bacterial meningitis. The use of mannitol and hypertonic saline in
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Vitamin K prophylaxis helps prevent vitamin K deficiency bleeding in preterm infants. Vitamin K is essential for the synthesis of blood clotting factors. Vitamin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. Exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation improves outcomes for adults with stable angina compared to usual care. Exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation is effective in reducing cardiovascular events, hospitalizations
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A study in 2017 showed that a single low dose of primaquine (0.25 mg/kg)
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current evidence is based on retrospective studies with small sample sizes and short-term follow-ups. Therefore
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  compared the outcomes of absorbable and non-absorbable sutures after car
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of antibiotics to prevent urinary tract infections in kidney transplant recipients with asymptomatic bacteriuria. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent study showed that weight loss interventions in patients with endometrial cancer were associated with a lower risk of recurrence and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of observational studies found that influenza vaccination was associated with a reduced risk of all-cause mortality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of individualising FSH dose based on ovarian reserve markers in women undergoing IVF/ICSI. The current evidence is limited
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Influenza vaccines reduce the risk of illness in older adults. Influenza vaccines are effective in preventing influenza and its complications in older adults. A systematic review of
SUPPORTED. (meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials)
SUPPORTED. (meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Comprehensive geriatric assessment is a multidimensional interdisciplinary diagnostic tool for older adults with complex care needs. It is designed to identify and address multiple health issues,
SUPPORTED. There is sufficient evidence that interventions are effective in reducing children's exposure to environmental tobacco smoke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
SUPPORTED. Physical activity interventions can improve quality of life for women after breast cancer treatment .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of selenium supplementation to reduce cancer risk in humans. The evidence is mixed and does not support the use of selenium supplementation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question. The current research does not provide enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in negative symptoms between patients treated with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of intrauterine insemination compared to intracervical insemination for donor sperm treatment. The current research has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are ongoing clinical trials to evaluate the efficacy of whole brain radiotherapy for multiple brain metastases. The results
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Interventions aimed at increasing fruit and vegetable consumption in young children show effectiveness. The effect of interventions on fruit and vegetable consumption in young children is moderate.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of surgery for improving vision after cataract formation following vitrectomy. The current research is insufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of MR perfusion in the identification of low-grade gliomas in patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of risperidone over other antipsychotics for people with serious mental illness and substance misuse.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Losigamone is effective in reducing seizure frequency in patients with focal epilepsy when used as an add-on therapy. Losigamone is a potent and selective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of e-learning in improving patient outcomes or health professionals' skills. However, there is some evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2019  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
SUPPORTED. Antidepressant therapy is effective for treating depression in people living with HIV. Antidepressants are effective in treating depression in people living with HIV, and they are recommended as a first-line treatment for depression
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Benzodiazepines are not recommended for the treatment of tardive dyskinesia. However, there is no evidence that
SUPPORTED. Patient reminder and recall systems are effective in increasing immunization rates .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of drugs that influence the catecholaminergic system to treat antipsychotic-induced tardive dyskinesia.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that anticholinergic drugs are effective in treating antipsychotic-induced tardive dyskinesia. The use of anticholinergic drugs is not recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018 found that there was not enough evidence to support the use of vitamin E to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of perioperative cerebral NIRS monitoring to improve patient outcomes. The current research has not been able to demonstrate a clear benefit of
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: B) Endoscopic scoring indices are effective for evaluating disease activity in ulcerative colitis. The Mayo endoscopic subscore (MES) is the most
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (supported) Gefitinib is effective and safe for treating advanced non-small cell lung cancer. Gefitinib is a selective epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of quality improvement interventions to increase attendance for diabetic retinopathy screening.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Anticonvulsant drugs are effective and safe for treating acute tonic-clonic convulsions in children. Anticonvulsant drugs are effective in treating acute tonic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the claim that providing physicians with feedback about their patients' medication adherence improves adherence rates. However, there is evidence that patient-focus
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prostanoids in patients with critical limb ischaemia who cannot undergo surgery. However, there is some evidence that prostanoids
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that home treatment is safe and effective for patients with low-risk venous thromboembolism
SUPPORTED. Radical multimodal treatment is more effective than palliative treatments for malignant pleural mesothelioma . The standard treatment for malignant pleural mesothelioma is radical surgery and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of propofol for improving sleep quality and quantity in ICU patients. Propofol is not recommended for long-term use in critically ill
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Anti-VEGF drugs are effective for treating retinopathy of prematurity in preterm infants. They can reduce the need for laser therapy and improve visual outcomes. However, there are
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intramuscular aripiprazole is effective in treating aggression or agitation in psychosis. Aripiprazole is effective in treating aggression or agitation in psych
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Botulinum toxin is safe and effective for treating tics in Tourette's syndrome. Botulinum toxin is a neurotoxin that blocks the release
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that planned birth at or near term improves health outcomes for women with gestational diabetes and their infants. The optimal timing of delivery for women with
EFFECTIVE: (supported). Embolisation is an effective treatment for pulmonary arteriovenous malformations .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 studies with 104 patients found that cyclophosphamide was associated with a significant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence of effective treatments for fatigue in people with ALS/MND. However, some studies have shown that non-pharmacological interventions such as physical exercise
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: B) Supportive periodontal therapy is effective in maintaining teeth in adults treated for periodontitis. The effectiveness of supportive periodontal therapy in maintaining teeth in adults treated for periodont
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Fitness training improves cardiorespiratory fitness in people with traumatic brain injury.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral anticoagulants to improve survival in cancer patients undergoing treatment. However, there is evidence that oral anticoagulants can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review (Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews 2014, Issue 1) showed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate evidence) Exercise programmes are effective in improving walking ability for people with leg pain from intermittent claudication. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that bisphosphonates did not significantly improve pain scores
SUPPORTED. Newborn screening for galactosaemia helps prevent severe health issues in affected infants . The early diagnosis of galactosemia allows for the timely initiation of a galactose-restr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Biologic treatments are more effective than conventional systemic agents for moderate to severe psoriasis. The efficacy of biologic treatments for psoriasis has been demonstrated in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of school dental screening in improving children's oral health status and increasing dental service usage.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Moodley et al. 2018 1 showed that there is a lack of high-quality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulised hypertonic saline solution in infants with acute bronchiolitis. A Cochrane systematic review published in
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Exercise during pregnancy is associated with improved maternal and neonatal outcomes in women with pre-existing diabetes. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions for taste disturbances in improving patients' taste perception. The current research has not provided sufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions for
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Probiotics are effective in preventing Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea (CDAD) in adults and children. The effectiveness of probiotics in preventing
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Adults with bilateral hearing impairment benefit more from using two hearing aids than one. The use of two hearing aids has been shown to improve speech recognition in noise and local
SUPPORTED. Singing improves health-related quality of life in people with COPD .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Long-acting inhaled bronchodilators improve respiratory function in people with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that bisphosphonates did not improve overall
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Extended anticoagulation is effective in preventing recurrent venous thromboembolism after initial treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is only one RCT comparing the two-incision and one-incision techniques for ACL reconstruction. The study was terminated due
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Lamotrigine and carbamazepine are effective first-line treatments for partial onset seizures. Lamotrigine is effective in reducing seizure frequency in patients with partial onset
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Nurses can play a vital role in helping adults quit smoking. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that nurse-led smoking cess
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) The combination of aspirin and clopidogrel is more effective than aspirin alone in reducing the risk of cardiovascular events in high-risk patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant supplements to reduce muscle soreness after exercise.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium channel blockers in the treatment of Raynaud's phenomenon. However, there is some evidence that calcium channel blockers may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of neuromuscular electrical stimulation for people with patellofemoral pain. A systematic review by Nielsen et al. (2
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Botulinum toxin type A is effective in reducing symptoms of cervical dystonia compared to placebo. The Cochrane review of 11 randomized placebo
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that introducing larvivorous fish to water sources reduces malaria transmission. The current research on this topic is limited and the results are inconclusive.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness and safety of macrolides for treating chancroid caused by H. ducreyi in sexually active adults. However, there is evidence that
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Yoga is effective for improving recovery and quality of life in stroke rehabilitation. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that yoga interventions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzodiazepines in treating psychosis-induced aggression or agitation. However, benzodiazepines are used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The NEXUS and Canadian C-spine rules are not validated in children. The NEXUS criteria were developed based on the adult population. The Canadian C-spine rule is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of vocational rehabilitation programs for workers with traumatic upper limb injuries was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of feed thickeners to reduce symptoms of gastro-oesophageal reflux in infants. The use of feed thickeners
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Physical activity and diet can prevent or delay type 2 diabetes in at-risk individuals.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Peritoneal dialysis is not recommended for patients with acute kidney injury.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of non-invasive ventilation over invasive ventilation in patients with acute respiratory failure due to neuromuscular disease. However
LABEL: SUPPORTED. OXC is effective for treating neuropathic pain . OXC is a 10-keto derivative of carbamazepine, which is a dibenzazep
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective for treating chronic neuropathic pain in adults. Acupuncture is effective for treating chronic neuropathic pain in adults. Acupuncture is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The PPAR-γ agonists pioglitazone and rosiglitazone have been studied in patients with stroke
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence for the effectiveness of therapeutic interventions for treating localized Old World cutaneous leishmaniasis. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case series.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of bisphosphonates in the treatment of Paget's disease of bone is not supported by clinical trials.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 35 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions led by healthcare professionals can lead to weight loss in overweight or obese individuals . Another systematic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The preferred method for closing the appendix stump during laparoscopic appendectomy is not clear.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The safety of medical devices is regulated by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in the United States. The FDA has not yet
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of corticosteroids in patients with CIDP is controversial. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials showed that cort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of insulin-sensitising drugs in improving reproductive outcomes for women with PCOS.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The systematic review by Menzies et al. 2018 showed that improving access to tuberculosis diagnosis increased case detection . The systematic review by Menzies et al.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the use of inhaled magnesium sulfate in acute asthma exacerbations. The use of inhaled magnesium
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. (evidence) . There is evidence that analgesics are effective in reducing pain during orthodontic treatment. The use of analgesics such as acetaminophen, ib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that palliative chemotherapy or targeted therapies improve survival in patients with esophageal or gastroesophageal junction cancer. However, there is ins
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case series. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included
REFUTED. Alemtuzumab is not more effective than interferon beta 1a in preventing disease activity in relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. The evidence from the CARE-MS II
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the optimal surgical treatment for vertical strabismus in people with superior oblique palsy. The surgical treatment of superior oblique palsy is challenging due
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-adhesion therapies to improve reproductive outcomes after operative hysteroscopy in women with subfertility. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of TPO-RAs for the prevention or treatment of chemotherapy-induced thrombocytopenia in patients with solid tumors
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of point-of-use fortification of foods with iron-containing micronutrient powders to reduce anaemia in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the diagnostic test is accurate enough to be used routinely.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no reliable method to predict the progression from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease. However, there are several risk factors that have been identified to predict the progress
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no reliable method to predict the progression from mild cognitive impairment to Alzheimer's disease. However, there are several risk factors that have been identified to predict the progress
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Silodosin is a α1-adrenoceptor antagonist that has been shown to effectively reduce the symptoms of BPH. In a randomized, double-blind,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of proton pump inhibitors in the treatment of functional dyspepsia. The current evidence is conflicting and does not support the use of pro
SUPPORTED. Mass media interventions are effective in reducing smoking among adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of methylphenidate for the treatment of ADHD symptoms in children with autism spectrum disorder. However, there is evidence that methyl
SUPPORTED. Virtual reality is effective in improving upper limb function in stroke rehabilitation compared to other therapies. (Bohannon et al., 2016)
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: A) Enzyme replacement therapy (ERT) is effective for treating infantile-onset Pompe disease (IOPD). ERT is the standard of care for IOPD
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best treatment for Old World cutaneous leishmaniasis (OWCL) . The choice of treatment depends on various factors, including the parasite species,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current literature does not provide sufficient evidence to support the use of cuffed endotracheal tubes over uncuffed endotracheal tubes in children under eight years of age
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that factors like training, supervision, and working conditions affect the care provided by skilled birth attendants during childbirth.
SUPPORTED. (effective) . There is evidence that strategies aimed at helping young people quit smoking tobacco show effectiveness.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Erythropoietin (EPO) is a glycoprotein hormone that stimulates the proliferation, differentiation, and maturation of erythroid
SUPPORTED. Zuclopenthixol dihydrochloride is effective in treating schizophrenia compared to other antipsychotics. Zuclopenthixol dihydrochloride is
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Music therapy has been shown to be effective in reducing depression in various clinical settings, including in patients with depression, anxiety, and stress-related disorders, as well as in patients with chronic medical
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Pharmacological cardioversion of atrial fibrillation reduces the risk of stroke compared to rate control.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The efficacy of electrical cardioversion in reducing the risk of stroke in patients with atrial fibrillation is not clear. The current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Unconditional cash transfers have been shown to improve health outcomes in vulnerable populations. A systematic review of 11 studies found that unconditional cash transfers improved health outcomes in vulnerable
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that preoperative medical treatment can reduce the size of uterine fibroids and improve symptoms.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Collagenous colitis is a rare disease with unclear etiology. The current research on the treatment of collagenous colitis is mainly based on case reports and case series, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dexamethasone as an adjunct to peripheral nerve block for postoperative pain control. However, there is some evidence that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that interventions to improve access to cataract services promote equity in low- and middle-income countries. The current evidence is not sufficient to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The relationship between periodontal disease and cardiovascular disease is complex and multifactorial. While some studies have suggested that periodontal therapy may improve cardiovascular disease outcomes, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent study showed that beta-blocker therapy was effective for long-term treatment in people with Marfan syndrome . However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the type and frequency of ultrasound surveillance in twin pregnancies affects neonatal, fetal, and maternal outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of thrombolytic agents in managing catheter malfunction in patients with end-stage kidney disease. However, thrombolyt
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Glucocorticoid therapy for childhood ALL commonly leads to adrenal insufficiency after treatment. Glucocorticoid therapy is a cornerstone of treatment for childhood acute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Insulin is effective in treating women with gestational diabetes. Insulin is the mainstay of treatment for women with gestational diabetes. The goal of treatment is to achieve normoglycemia and to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Chloral hydrate is a sedative that has been used for many years in children. However, there is insufficient evidence to support its use in neurodiagnostic procedures in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 10 studies (7 RCTs, 3 cohort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, the current evidence suggests that oral medications like clomiphene citrate or letrozole are less
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is no evidence that local cervical treatment for CIN and early cervical cancer negatively affects pregnancy outcomes.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Physical exercise training improves health outcomes in people with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the speed of subcutaneous heparin injection affects pain and bruising at the injection site.
SUPPORTED. Peripheral nerve blocks help reduce pain after hip replacement surgery .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of progesterone to prevent preterm birth in women with multiple pregnancies. The current evidence is based on a single randomized controlled trial with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Long-term opioid use for chronic non-cancer pain is associated with significant adverse events. The most common adverse events associated with long-term opioid use for chronic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The evidence is conflicting. The ADA recommends uric acid lowering therapy in patients with CKD stage 3 or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of wound irrigation and intracavity lavage to prevent surgical site infections. However, the use of wound irrigation and intracavity
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Mefloquine is an effective option for preventing malaria in travelers. Mefloquine is a prophylactic option for travelers visiting malaria-endemic areas.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bisphosphonates in women with breast cancer. However, there is evidence that bisphosphonates are effective in reducing skeletal
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the method of glucose monitoring for gestational diabetes affects maternal and fetal outcomes. The current research has not provided enough information to support or ref
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychological treatments can improve quality of life for people with epilepsy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of NAVA ventilation to reduce the rates of bronchopulmonary dysplasia or death in newborns compared to other
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Metformin is not currently recommended for the treatment of endometrial hyperplasia. However, there are ongoing clinical trials to
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Eslicarbazepine acetate is effective in reducing seizures in people with drug-resistant partial epilepsy. Eslicarbazepine acetate is a pot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of fluoride supplements in preventing tooth decay in children. The World Health Organization recommends the use of flu
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  compared planned vaginal delivery with planned caesarean delivery in
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Desmopressin is effective in reducing the frequency of nocturia in men .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The current evidence supports the use of pharmacotherapy for the treatment of social anxiety disorder in adults. The most commonly used medications are selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSR
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral anti-diabetic agents in pregnant women with diabetes or impaired glucose tolerance.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial data on the efficacy of hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in Gaucher disease. However, there are case reports of successful hemat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled corticosteroids for preventing death or bronchopulmonary dysplasia in very low birth weight infants. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ocriplasmin is a non-surgical intraocular drug that was approved by the FDA in 2012 for the treatment of symptomatic VMA
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017 found that the influenza vaccine did not reduce the occurrence of acute ot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Adenosine and calcium channel antagonists are effective in treating supraventricular tachycardia. Adenosine is more effective in treating paroxysmal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Procalcitonin is a promising biomarker for the diagnosis of bacterial infections. However, the evidence for its use in improving antibiotic treatment decisions for patients with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. A short course of intravenous antibiotics is effective for treating severe pneumonia in young children.
SUPPORTED. . There is evidence that lowering blood pressure reduces mortality and morbidity in people with hypertension and cardiovascular disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that early planned removal of umbilical venous catheters reduces the risk of infection in newborn infants. The current evidence is conflic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  found that there was insufficient evidence to determine whether prophyl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of anticonvulsants for fibromyalgia found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that TENS was effective in reducing pain in patients with fibrom
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. EEG is not recommended in children with simple febrile seizures. However, EEG is recommended in children with complex febrile seizures to rule out non-convuls
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Autogenic drainage is a technique that can be used to help people with cystic fibrosis (CF) clear their airways. It involves a series of breathing exercises and post
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The incidence of MRONJ is low, and the pathogenesis is not clear. The current research on the prevention and treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review of 11 studies (including 101 patients) found that the use of non-invas
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of biofilm testing to improve antibiotic treatment for lung infections in cystic fibrosis patients is an active
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. High-frequency oscillations (HFOs) are a relatively new electroencephalographic (EEG) phenomenon that has been studied in epilepsy surgery. HFOs are defined
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Pharmacological pain relief is effective for women undergoing outpatient hysteroscopy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence in the literature that bioresorbable fixation systems are better than titanium systems for orthognathic surgery. The use of bioresorbable plates in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions in primary care to reduce preventable medication errors that lead to hospital admissions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is based on a single randomized controlled trial (RCT) with a small sample size and short follow-up period
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of shared decision-making in improving outcomes for adults and children with asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hydrolysed formulas in preterm infants to reduce the risk of feed intolerance and necrotising enterocolitis compared to
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current evidence is based on retrospective studies with small sample sizes and short-term follow-ups. Therefore
ANSWER: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiplatelet or anticoagulant agents in the prevention of recurrent thrombosis in people with ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) is a blood product that contains antibodies against a wide range of pathogens. It is used to treat a variety
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Bupropion is not currently approved for the treatment of ADHD. However, there is evidence that bupropion may be effective in treating adults with ADHD. A 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the speed of subcutaneous heparin injection affects pain and bruising at the injection site.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is sufficient evidence to support the use of yoga as a package of care for people with schizophrenia. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 12 randomized controlled trials (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review by Koutsandreou et al. (2018)  included 11 studies on yoga for schiz
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological interventions can help reduce diabetes-related distress in adults with type 2 diabetes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Terlipressin is a synthetic analog of arginine vasopressin, which is used to treat hepatorenal syndrome. However, there is insufficient evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that whole body vibration exercise may improve pain, stiffness,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of compression therapy to prevent post-thrombotic syndrome in people with deep vein thrombosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium supplementation before or early in pregnancy to reduce the risk of pre-eclampsia. The World Health Organization recommends that pregnant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Interventions aimed at increasing fruit and vegetable consumption in young children show effectiveness. The effect of interventions on fruit and vegetable consumption in young children is moderate.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of stereotactic radiosurgery in addition to whole brain radiation therapy for the treatment of brain metastases. However, stereotactic rad
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Hearing aids are effective for improving hearing in adults with mild to moderate hearing loss .
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Digital interventions are effective in reducing hazardous alcohol consumption compared to no intervention .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016 compared the efficacy and tolerability of chlorpromazine and
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Treating genital chlamydial infection during pregnancy helps prevent complications for mothers and their babies. Chlamydia trachomatis is a common sexually transmitted infection (ST
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of buffered intravenous fluids over non-buffered fluids in surgery patients. A systematic review by Khalaf et al.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of monoclonal antibodies targeting IL-5 or its receptor (IL-5R) has been shown to reduce asthma exacerbations in patients
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Mild hypothermia is effective in improving outcomes for traumatic brain injury.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that electrosurgery is more effective than scalpel for major abdominal incisions. However, electrosurgery is associated with a lower risk of wound infection
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no proven effective treatment for priapism in sickle cell disease. The current treatment is mainly symptomatic and includes oxygen therapy, hydration, and phosphodiester
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of direct-acting antivirals (DAAs) for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C has been shown to be effective in achieving sustained virologic response (SV
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that cancer surveillance in patients with inflammatory bowel disease helps reduce deaths from colorectal cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of oral PDE inhibitors in the treatment of COPD is not recommended.
SUPPORTED. Needle and syringe programmes and opioid substitution therapy are effective in reducing the risk of hepatitis C transmission among people who inject drugs.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of heat and moisture exchangers over heated humidifiers in preventing complications during invasive mechanical ventilation. The choice of device should be
LABEL: SUPPORTED. TENS is effective for managing neuropathic pain compared to placebo . The evidence suggests that TENS is effective for managing neuropathic pain compared to placebo. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that any treatment is effective in preventing or reversing tuberculous pericarditis. However, there is a consensus that anti-tuberculosis treatment is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effect of modifying chemotherapy or radiotherapy for Hodgkin lymphoma on the risk of secondary malignancies.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether induction of labor in outpatient settings is effective and safe for women. The current evidence is limited to observational studies, which have shown mixed results.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of high-volume enteral feeds in preterm or low birth weight infants compared to standard volume feeds. The optimal volume of enteral
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Supported employment interventions are effective in helping adults with severe mental illness find and keep jobs.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Electromotive drug administration (EDA) is a method of delivering chemotherapy directly into the bladder using an electrical current to facilitate the absorption of the drug into the bladder wall
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Comprehensive geriatric assessment (CGA) is a multidimensional, multidisciplinary diagnostic process that addresses the medical, psychosocial, and functional needs of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is focused on comparing the effectiveness of laparoscopic or robotic-assisted prostate
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of parenteral anticoagulants to improve survival in cancer patients undergoing treatment. The use of parenteral anticoag
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of ursodeoxycholic acid on liver function and outcomes in cystic fibrosis. However, there is some evidence that ursode
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that financial arrangements for health systems in low-income countries have clear effects on health outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Certolizumab pegol is effective for treating rheumatoid arthritis in patients who have not responded well to other treatments. Certolizumab pegol is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics in the prevention of urinary tract infections in people with neuropathic bladder. A systematic review published in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support or refute this question. The genetic factors that have been studied in relation to smoking cessation include the dopamine transporter gene (DAT1), the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antibiotic stewardship interventions can reduce antibiotic prescribing for acute respiratory infections. Antibiotic stewardship interventions can reduce antibi
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Internet-based interventions are effective for helping people quit smoking. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that Internet-based interventions were
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cerebral oxygenation monitoring to improve neurological outcomes and survival in preterm infants. However, there is some evidence that cerebr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, the safety of amniocentesis is dependent on the gestational age at which the procedure is performed. The risk of
SUPPORTED. . Hand hygiene is a fundamental measure to prevent the spread of pathogens in health care settings. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends hand hygiene as one of the most important measures
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that slow advancement of enteral feeding reduces the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or low birth weight infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review by Kjell et al. (2018)  compared the effects of computer-based stress management interventions with
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The MAGIC trial showed that chemotherapy improved survival in advanced gastric cancer compared to best supportive care .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that any treatment can prevent advanced liver disease in people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence that people with cystic fibrosis with liver disease
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of isoniazid prophylaxis in HIV-positive children. The World Health Organization recommends isoniazid pro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that inhaling heated water vapor is effective in treating the common cold. The common cold is a viral infection and antibiotics are not effective in treating it.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESAs) in critically ill patients is controversial. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support this question. The current clinical practice is based on the results of the randomized phase III trial (SIOPEN HR-NBL1) . The trial showed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective drug therapy for treating CMV-associated anterior segment inflammation. However, there are some case reports and case series that have reported the use of antiviral therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of systemic antibiotics in treating malignant wounds. However, the use of systemic antibiotics may be considered in cases where there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The sputum analysis is not routinely used in the diagnosis and treatment of asthma. The sputum analysis is not
SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials)
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Zonisamide is effective for treating essential tremor. The efficacy of zonisamide for essential tremor was first reported in 2002 . A randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Liu et al. 2019 1  showed that home-based multidimensional program
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Interconception care is a term used to describe care provided to women between pregnancies. It aims to improve maternal and child health outcomes by addressing health issues that may have contributed to the development
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes). Inhaled corticosteroids are effective and safe for reducing the incidence of bronchopulmonary dysplasia in preterm infants . Inhaled cortic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common medical condition that develops or is first recognized during pregnancy. The diagnosis of GDM is based on the results of a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine screening of patients with unprovoked VTE for undiagnosed cancer. The incidence of cancer in patients with unprovoked VTE is
SUPPORTED. Drug-eluting stents (DES) are superior to bare-metal stents (BMS) in reducing the risk of target vessel revascularization (TVR) and cardiac death in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding surgery to chemoradiotherapy improves survival in patients with nonmetastatic esophageal cancer. However, the evidence is insufficient to refute the
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Oxycodone is effective for pain relief in adults with cancer compared to other strong opioids. Oxycodone is a strong opioid with a high affinity for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vitamin K is an essential nutrient that is required for the synthesis of coagulation factors II, VII, IX, and X. Vitamin K deficiency can lead to coag
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is a study that shows that the use of coblation in tonsillectomy is associated with less pain and a faster
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of culture-specific asthma education programs in improving asthma-related outcomes for minority groups.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no superior surgical method for exposing palatally displaced canines. The surgical exposure of palatally displaced canines is a common procedure in the orthodont
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2018 found that there was insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the impact of welfare-to-work interventions on the health of lone parents and their children.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Baclofen is effective and safe for treating severe alcohol withdrawal syndrome . The use of baclofen for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome has been supported by several studies. A randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The results of the large-scale clinical trials, such as the NHLBI Heart Outcomes Prevention Evaluation (HOPE) study, the NHLBI Atherosclerosis Risk Reduction
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Treadmill training is effective in improving walking ability after a stroke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral deferasirox is an effective treatment for people with thalassaemia and iron overload. The European Medicines Agency (EMA) approved deferasiro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aerosolized prostacyclin in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no
SUPPORTED. Sugammadex is more effective and safer than neostigmine for reversing neuromuscular blockade . Sugammadex is a modified γ-cyclodextrin that bind
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of preconception care in women with diabetes. However, there is evidence that preconception care can improve health outcomes for mothers and infants in
SUPPORTED. HPV testing is more accurate than cytological testing for detecting cervical intraepithelial neoplasias . The sensitivity of HPV testing is higher than cytology for detecting
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of flumazenil in patients with cirrhosis and hepatic encephalopathy. Flumazenil is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different catheter designs or techniques reduce the incidence of urinary tract infections in people using intermittent catheterisation.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Inhaled bronchodilators, mucolytics, and oxygen therapy are effective in relieving breathlessness in people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is insufficient evidence
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Atypical antipsychotics are effective in treating disruptive behaviour disorders in children and youths. Atypical antipsychotics are effective in treating irritability, oppositional
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal blood pressure target for older adults with hypertension is not well established. The SPRINT trial showed that intensive blood pressure
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of antenatal and intrapartum interventions to prevent cerebral palsy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . CERA is not a standard treatment for anaemia in individuals with chronic kidney disease.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Low molecular weight heparin is effective in preventing venous thromboembolism in patients with lower-limb immobilization .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that antibiotic prophylaxis reduces the risk of infection
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of antiepileptic drugs in the treatment of chronic non-cancer pain in children and adolescents is controversial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that antidepressants were effective in relieving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial on the use of sildenafil for the treatment of pulmonary hypertension in neonates. However, there are some case reports and case series
SUPPORTED. (moderate) COPD self-management interventions with action plans improve health outcomes compared to usual care. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that COPD
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The mode of delivery for women with bleeding disorders is not well studied. However, there is no evidence that cesarean section is associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Gestational diabetes is a major public health problem. The prevalence of gestational diabetes is increasing worldwide, and it is estimated that 7% of all pregnancies are complicated by gestational diabetes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of NSAIDs in children and adolescents is not well studied. The use of NSAIDs in children and adoles
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of paracetamol for chronic non-cancer pain in children and adolescents. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (R
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Back School is a form of exercise therapy that is commonly used to treat chronic low back pain. However, the effectiveness of Back School in reducing pain and disability in adults with chronic low back pain is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Levosimendan is effective in preventing low cardiac output syndrome in paediatric patients after heart surgery .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of any other emergency contraception method over levonorgestrel.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of fluid supplementation in newborns with hyperbilirubinaemia undergoing phototherapy. The current literature is limited to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacological interventions to prevent dry mouth in patients receiving radiotherapy to the head and neck.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Resin-based sealants are effective in preventing dental caries in children and adolescents. The effectiveness of resin-based sealants in preventing dental caries in children and adolescents has been demonstrated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the optimal way to administer fluids for treating painful crises in sickle cell disease. However, there is evidence that aggressive hydration can be harmful.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of low glycaemic index diets to reduce cardiovascular disease events or improve cardiovascular risk factors. The effect of low gly
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of haloperidol alone for the treatment of aggression or agitation in psychosis. However, there is evidence to support the use of hal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Mid-urethral sling operations are effective for treating stress urinary incontinence in women. The first mid-urethral sling was introduced in 1995 by
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Pathogen-reduced platelets effectively prevent bleeding in people needing transfusions. The use of pathogen-reduced platelets is associated with a lower risk of transf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant vitamin or mineral supplementation to slow down the progression of age-related macular degeneration. The Age-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant vitamin or mineral supplements to prevent age-related macular degeneration. The Age-Related Eye Disease
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing oral fluoropyrimidine chem
RELIABLE: (supported) . Aqueous shunts are effective for reducing intraocular pressure in glaucoma compared to standard surgery. Aqueous shunts are a type of glaucoma drainage
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Mini-sling procedures are effective in improving continence status for women with urinary incontinence. The mini-sling procedure is a relatively new surgical technique for treating urinary in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Diabetic amyotrophy is a complication of diabetes mellitus that causes atrophy of the pectoralis major and trapezius muscles. It is a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of flumazenil in patients with cirrhosis and hepatic encephalopathy. Flumazenil is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioids for chronic non-cancer pain in children and adolescents. The use of opioids for chronic non-cancer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether there is a significant difference in outcomes between planned elective repeat caesarean section and planned induction of labour for women with a previous caesare
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the efficacy and safety of PCV chemotherapy for recurrent high-grade glioma in adults. However, there is evidence that PCV chemotherapy is
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Traditional suburethral slings are effective for treating stress urinary incontinence compared to other options. The traditional suburethral slings are considered the gold standard for the surgical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of progesterone receptor modulators for the treatment of pain in women with endometriosis. The current evidence is limited to small
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Bladder neck suspension is effective for treating stress urinary incontinence compared to other options. Bladder neck suspension is a surgical procedure that involves the placement of a sling around
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is a systematic review that compared open retropubic colposuspension with other surgical procedures for stress ur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 RCTs with 1144 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) for the treatment of cancer-related pain in children and adoles
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Long-term treatment with low-molecular-weight heparin is safer than vitamin K antagonists for patients with venous thromboembolism .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no validated histological scoring index for evaluating Crohn's disease activity. The current histological scoring systems are based on the degree of inflammation, granuloma formation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of a midline head position in preventing germinal matrix-intraventricular hemorrhage in preterm infants. The current research has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the ProSeal L
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Opioids are effective and safe for treating cancer-related pain in children and adolescents. The use of opioids for the treatment of pain in children and adolescents with cancer is
SUPPORTED. Occupational therapy can improve daily living activities for adults after a stroke .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Intracranial neurostimulation is effective for treating refractory epilepsy. Intracranial neurostimulation is a type of neurostimulation that involves
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Felbamate is effective as an add-on treatment for refractory partial-onset epilepsy . The efficacy of felbamate as an add-on treatment
SUPPORTED. Antiemetic drugs effectively prevent postoperative nausea and vomiting .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of oral antifungal treatments for toenail infections. The evidence is limited to a few small trials with conflicting results. The Cochr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kwak et al. 2017 1 compared the effects of early supported discharge (ES
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Non-invasive ventilation (NIV) is effective in reducing mortality and the need for intubation in patients with acute respiratory failure due to COPD. N
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that paracetamol was effective in reducing pain in patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral NSAIDs for managing cancer pain in adults. The use of oral NSAIDs for cancer pain is not recommended due to the lack of
SUPPORTED. Antiseptics improve healing and reduce infections in burn treatment .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Desmopressin is used to treat bleeding disorders such as von Willebrand disease and hemophilia A and B. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of des
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . Statins are effective and safe for children with familial hypercholesterolemia. The use of statins in children with familial hypercholesterolemia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of rituximab for treating inhibitors in people with severe hemophilia A or B. Rituximab is used to treat autoimm
SUPPORTED. Opioids are effective in reducing cancer pain in most patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of continuous one-to-one support during labor on maternal and neonatal outcomes.
SUPPORTED. Computer-generated reminders for healthcare professionals improve the quality of care. Computer-generated reminders for healthcare professionals have been shown to improve the quality of care by increasing the adherence to guidelines, improving the quality
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Vortioxetine is effective for treating acute depression in adults. The efficacy of vortioxetine was demonstrated in two randomized, double-blind
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous immunoglobulin treatment in people with epilepsy. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case series.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in reducing nausea and vomiting in cancer patients not undergoing treatment. However, corticosteroids are commonly used
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 13 studies found that later school start times were associated with better academic performance, sleep, and mental health outcomes in adolescents . Another systematic review of 15
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  compared the effects of home-based and centre-based cardiac rehabilitation
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Lamotrigine and carbamazepine are effective first-line treatments for partial onset seizures. Lamotrigine is effective in reducing seizure frequency in patients with partial onset
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al. 2019 1 showed that there was no significant difference in the incidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of lactoferrin supplementation in preterm neonates to prevent sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis. A systematic
SUPPORTED. Patient education as part of cardiac rehabilitation improves health outcomes for people with coronary heart disease. Patient education is an important component of cardiac rehabilitation. It can help patients understand their
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (supported) Combining antipsychotic medications is effective and safe for treating schizophrenia. The use of two or more antipsychotic medications is more effective than the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics to prevent infection and complications in infants born through meconium-stained amniotic fluid. However, the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on Wendan decoction for treating schizophrenia is insufficient. There is no relevant clinical trial
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ketamine is effective as an adjuvant to opioids for treating refractory cancer pain. Ketamine is a non-opioid analgesic that can be used as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. EGFR inhibitors are effective in treating patients with metastatic colorectal cancer .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Acetazolamide is a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor that has been used to treat acute mountain sickness (AMS) and other conditions associated with hypoxia
EARLY DISCHARGE HOSPITAL AT HOME IS EFFECTIVE COMPARED TO INPATIENT HOSPITAL CARE. Early discharge hospital at home is effective compared to inpatient hospital care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of punctal plugs in managing dry eye symptoms is still controversial. Some studies have shown that punctal plugs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (survival benefit) Platinum-containing chemotherapy regimens have been shown to improve progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) in women with metastatic breast
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a stylet during neonatal intubation. The use of a stylet during neonatal intubation is not recommended in current
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of dressings and topical agents can improve the healing of pressure ulcers. The use of hydrocolloids, foams, and polyurethane foams has been shown
SUPPORTED. Exercise improves outcomes for mothers and babies in women with gestational diabetes. Exercise in pregnancy has been shown to reduce the risk of gestational diabetes, reduce the need for insulin, reduce the risk of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Anti-VEGF drugs are effective in improving vision for people with diabetic macular oedema. Diabetic macular oedema is a common cause of visual impairment in
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 34 studies found that interventions combining diet, physical activity, and behavioral changes were effective in reducing BMI in overweight adolescents . Another systematic review of
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Behavioral interventions that include diet and physical activity can reduce weight in children aged 6 to 11 years.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Interprofessional collaboration is a complex phenomenon that is influenced by a variety of factors, including the nature of the work, the organizational context, and the individual characteristics of the professionals involved.
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence). Aerobic exercise training provides benefits for adults with fibromyalgia. Aerobic exercise training can reduce pain, improve physical function, and improve quality of life in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cognitive rehabilitation improves daily living outcomes for people with traumatic brain injury .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anabolic steroids in treating pressure ulcers. However, there is some evidence that anabolic steroids may be effective in treating pressure
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that drug therapy is effective in reducing disability and improving symptoms for chronic idiopathic axonal polyneuropathy. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Umeclidinium bromide improves symptoms and quality of life in people with stable COPD compared to placebo.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of zinc supplementation to reduce morbidity and mortality in children with measles. A Cochrane review published in 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2016 found no RCTs that evaluated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of combination susceptibility testing to guide antibiotic therapy for cystic fibrosis exacerbations.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is no oral NTHi vaccine available. The only NTHi vaccine tested in clinical trials is a parenteral vaccine, which is not licensed. The parenteral
REFUTED. Antibiotics do not improve outcomes for patients with acute bronchitis. Antibiotics are not effective in treating acute bronchitis, and their use can lead to adverse effects such as
REFUTED. The use of antibiotic prophylaxis in women undergoing elective hysterectomy is not associated with a reduction in the rate of postoperative infections . The use of antibiotic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tramadol is a centrally acting analgesic that is used to treat moderate to moderately severe pain. It is not currently approved for the treatment of chronic neuropathic
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Niacin has been shown to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease events in some studies, but not in others. A meta-analysis of 15 randomized controlled trials involving
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Topical antimicrobial agents can help heal diabetic foot ulcers and prevent infections. The use of topical antimicrobial agents can reduce the risk of infection in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Doppler ultrasound is a useful tool for the assessment of fetal wellbeing in high-risk pregnancies. However, the use of Doppler ultrasound in high-r
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal dose of clozapine for treating schizophrenia and related disorders is not clear. The recommended dose of
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Communication skills training improves interactions between mental health professionals and patients with severe mental illness.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether perineal techniques during labor help reduce severe perineal tears. The Cochrane systematic review by Chng et al. 2019
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the association between periodontal disease and adverse pregnancy outcomes. The current research has not been able to establish a causal relationship between periodontal disease and
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Early palliative care improves quality of life for patients with advanced cancer compared to standard care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Exercise improves activity and quality of life in people with cerebral palsy. A systematic review of 11 studies with 466 participants with cerebral
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of any technique for blood glucose monitoring in pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether one method of induction of labor is superior to another in women with a previous caesarean delivery. The optimal method of induction of labor
EFFECTIVE: (yes) . Celecoxib is effective for managing rheumatoid arthritis . The efficacy of celecoxib in rheumatoid arthritis is comparable
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Contrast-enhanced ultrasound is a promising technique for detecting endoleaks after abdominal aortic aneurysm repair. However, the current evidence is ins
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Celecoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that has been shown to be effective in reducing pain and inflammation in people
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence) Gabapentin is effective in relieving chronic neuropathic pain in adults. Gabapentin is effective in relieving chronic neuropathic pain in adults. The effic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of growth factors that promote angiogenesis in the treatment of peripheral artery disease in the lower extremities. However, there is some evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Carotid endarterectomy (CEA) is the standard treatment for patients with symptomatic carotid stenosis. It can reduce the risk of stroke and improve the quality of life of patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on this topic is limited and the results are inconsistent. Some studies suggest that focal laser therapy can be effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2019  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cervical cerclage in women at high risk of preterm birth. The use of cervical cerclage in women at high
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of direct-acting antivirals (DAAs) for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C has been shown to be effective in achieving sustained virologic response (SV
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-gram-positive antibiotics in the treatment of febrile neutropenic patients with cancer. The current evidence is conflic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Krogh et al. 2018 1 compared early (within 24 hours
SUPPORTED. Mass media interventions can help prevent smoking in young people. The Cochrane review of the effectiveness of mass media interventions to prevent smoking in young people found that mass media interventions can reduce smoking initiation in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Circuit class therapy is a form of exercise therapy that involves a series of exercises performed in a circuit format, where participants move from one exercise station to the next in a set order. It has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature showed that there is no randomized controlled trial comparing Nd:YAG laser vitreolysis and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. High-flow nasal cannula (HFNC) is a non-invasive respiratory support device that delivers heated and humidified air at high flow rates through a
SUPPORTED. Music therapy improves outcomes for people with serious mental disorders like schizophrenia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioid antagonists in the treatment of opioid withdrawal. The use of opioid antagonists in the treatment of op
RATIONALE: Ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm (RAAA) is a life-threatening condition that requires urgent surgical intervention. The traditional treatment for RAAA is open surgical
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs) are effective for detecting typhoid and paratyphoid infections in endemic areas. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Interleukin-2 is not recommended for the treatment of HIV infection. There is no evidence that interleukin-2 improves health outcomes for HIV-positive adults when
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hydrolysed formulas to prevent allergy in infants compared to cow's milk formula or breast milk. The current evidence is not sufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that chemotherapy with escalated BEACOPP provides better outcomes than ABVD for treating early unfavourable or advanced stage Hodgkin l
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has not been able to prove the effectiveness of hormone pills before ovarian stimulation in improving pregnancy outcomes in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend antithrombotic drugs for patients after intracerebral hemorrhage. However,
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Ketoprofen is effective for treating acute postoperative pain. Ketoprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different birth positions during labor affect maternal and neonatal outcomes. The current research has not provided enough information to support or refute this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  compared the effectiveness of indirect laryngoscopy with direct lary
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of rLH in ovarian stimulation in women undergoing IVF/ICSI. The current evidence is based on a single RCT
REFUTED. The use of GnRH antagonists in COS protocols has been shown to reduce the incidence of OHSS in comparison to long agonist protocols . The use of GnR
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Anxiety is a common psychological problem in stroke patients. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of therapeutic interventions in treating anxiety in stroke patients. Further research is
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of smart technology can improve self-management in people with COPD. The use of smart technology can improve self-management in people with COPD by providing real-time feedback, remind
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Metabolomics is a relatively new field of research that has not yet been fully explored in the context of assisted reproductive technologies. There is currently insufficient evidence to support the use
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Opioids are effective in treating neuropathic pain . Morphine is an opioid. Therefore, morphine is effective in treating neuropathic pain.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Celecoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that has been shown to be effective in reducing pain and inflammation in patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Stiripentol is not approved by the FDA for the treatment of infantile spasms. There is currently no published clinical trial on the efficacy of stiripentol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of branched-chain amino acids for the treatment of hepatic encephalopathy. A systematic review of randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of micronutrient supplements to reduce mortality and morbidity in HIV-positive adults. The use of micronutrient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical NSAIDs for the treatment of traumatic corneal abrasions. A Cochrane review published in 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The common cold is caused by a variety of viruses, and the effectiveness of vaccines in preventing the common cold depends on the specific virus targeted by the vaccine. Currently, there are no
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Methadone is effective and safe for treating chronic neuropathic pain in adults. Methadone is effective in treating chronic neuropathic pain in adults. The efficacy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that the use of neuromuscular blocking agents can lead to complications such as hypotension, br
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for molluscum contagiosum in people without immune deficiency. The current treatment options are mainly aimed at reducing the number of lesions and preventing the spread
SUPPORTED. Tramadol is effective for managing cancer-related pain. Tramadol is a centrally acting analgesic that is widely used for the management of moderate to moderately severe pain. It is
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Family therapy has been shown to be effective in improving communication and coping for individuals with autism and their families. A systematic review of 12 studies found that family therapy interventions were effective in
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Immunotherapies have been shown to improve outcomes for patients with metastatic renal cell carcinoma.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Ultrasound therapy has been shown to promote wound healing in various types of wounds, including venous leg ulcers. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials found that ul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Topical analgesics are widely used for the treatment of acute and chronic pain. However, the effectiveness of topical anal
SUPPORTED. Peripheral nerve block helps reduce pain after hip fracture surgery .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) DPP-4 inhibitors or GLP-1 analogues help prevent or delay type 2 diabetes in at-risk individuals. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (F
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Clonidine is a α2-adrenergic agonist that is used to treat hypertension and opioid withdrawal syndrome. It is also used as an adj
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Electromechanical and robotic-assisted gait-training devices improve walking after a stroke. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
SUPPORTED. . Radical nephrectomy is the standard treatment for localized renal cell carcinoma. However, partial nephrectomy is a less invasive procedure that preserves the contralateral kidney
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of biologic drugs and methotrexate for treating rheumatoid
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of immunomodulatory and immunosuppressive agents other than corticosteroids, immunogl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of drugs in treating discoid lupus erythematosus. The current treatment strategy is based on the severity of the disease. M
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that remote ischaemic preconditioning improves clinical outcomes in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al. 2019 1 found that there was no significant difference in the diagnostic accuracy
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Lifestyle interventions, including diet and exercise, are effective in preventing and treating gestational diabetes.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Oscillating positive expiratory pressure (OPEP) is a technique that uses a device to generate oscillations during ex
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral calorie supplements to improve nutritional intake in people with cystic fibrosis. The current evidence is limited to case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that early complete revascularisation is more effective than treating only the culprit vessel in patients with STEMI and multi-vessel coronary disease. The COMPLETE trial
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Music-based interventions improve emotional well-being in people with dementia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support the hypothesis that alvimopan improves recovery after radical cystectomy. However, there is evidence that alvimopan is effective in
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Text messaging is effective in improving medication adherence in patients with cardiovascular disease.
SUPPORTED. PCSK9 inhibitors effectively reduce LDL cholesterol and cardiovascular disease risk. PCSK9 inhibitors are a class of drugs that bind to the PCSK9 protein, preventing
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Psychological interventions improve health outcomes for people with coronary heart disease. Psychological interventions, such as cognitive behavioral therapy, relaxation therapy, and psychodynamic therapy, have been shown to improve depression,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, the current guidelines recommend that low-grade gliomas should be treated with surgical resection.
SUPPORTED. (supervised opioid substitution treatment is more effective than take-home medication for opioid dependence) . Opioid substitution treatment (OST) is the standard of care for opioid dependence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that standardised tobacco packaging helps reduce smoking rates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that chemotherapy alone is less effective than chemotherapy plus radiotherapy for treating early stage Hodgkin lymphoma. The current standard of care for early stage H
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of platelet count and spleen length measurements to diagnose oesophageal varices in patients with liver disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of selective progesterone receptor modulators for treating uterine fibroids in premenopausal women. The current
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Exercise therapy is effective in reducing fatigue in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome.
SUPPORTED. (early treatment with disease-modifying drugs for multiple sclerosis is beneficial compared to delayed treatment). Early treatment with disease-modifying drugs for multiple sclerosis is associated with a lower risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Cocoa flavanols have been shown to have a small but significant effect on blood pressure in adults. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 29 randomized controlled trials with
SUPPORTED. Physical activity and exercise can help reduce chronic pain and improve quality of life. Physical activity and exercise have been shown to be effective in reducing pain and improving quality of life in people with chronic pain. A systematic review of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: YES . Topiramate is effective for treating juvenile myoclonic epilepsy .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  compared immediate postpartum insertion of a contraceptive impl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The diagnosis of acute pancreatitis is based on the combination of clinical symptoms and laboratory and imaging findings. The most common clinical manifestation is acute on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that low molecular weight heparin is associated with a lower incidence of heparin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of cerebrolysin for acute ischaemic stroke found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no new effective treatment for high-risk neuroblastoma. The current standard treatment for high-risk neuroblastoma is a combination of chemotherapy, surgery, radiation
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The current evidence suggests that surgical resection improves survival in patients with limited-stage small-cell lung cancer. The meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of assessment and support interventions during early labour to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Hydroxyurea is effective in reducing pain episodes in people with sickle cell disease. The Cochrane review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of lay-led and peer support interventions in improving asthma outcomes for adolescents.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of simulated presence therapy to improve behavioral and psychological symptoms in people with dementia. A systematic review of 10 studies found that sim
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin E to improve cognitive function in people with mild cognitive impairment or Alzheimer's disease. A systematic review of random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective pharmacological treatment for primary sclerosing cholangitis. The current treatment is based on the management of symptoms and complications. The only effective treatment for primary
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of inhaler devices with advanced features such as dose-independent dose-inhalation counters, inhaler-actuator feedback, and inhaler-act
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous oral antibiotic prophylaxis in children with cystic fibrosis. The use of continuous oral antibiotic proph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of imaging modalities to distinguish between cancerous and precancerous pancreatic lesions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ultrasound is not a reliable method for confirming gastric tube placement. However, it can be used to confirm the absence of gastric tube in the abdominal cavity
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium is an essential cofactor for many enzymatic reactions and plays a role in the metabolism of ATP. Magnesium is also involved in the regulation of blood pressure
EFFECTIVE: (supported) . Topiramate is effective for treating essential tremor. The efficacy of topiramate in essential tremor was first reported in 2003 . A systematic review and
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Remifentanil intravenous patient-controlled analgesia is effective for pain relief during labour. Remifentanil is a short-acting opioid that can
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Multiple-micronutrient supplementation during pregnancy has been shown to improve health outcomes for mothers and infants. A Cochrane review of 11 trials with 35,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Chlorpromazine is a first-generation antipsychotic drug that was introduced in the 1950s. It is effective in treating the positive symptoms of schizoph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that high-dose chemotherapy followed by autologous stem cell transplantation improves survival in patients with nonrhabdomyosarcoma soft tissue sar
SUPPORTED. (evidence)
SUPPORTED. Decision aids help patients make better treatment or screening choices. Decision aids are tools designed to help patients make informed choices about their health care options. They typically include information about the pros and cons of different
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Asthma education for school staff improves their knowledge and preparedness to manage asthma in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of arginine supplementation to prevent necrotising enterocolitis in preterm neonates. A systematic review published in 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of personalized asthma action plans in adults with asthma. However, there is evidence that personalized asthma action plans may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is a trend towards minimally invasive aortic valve replacement. The minimally invasive approach is performed through
SUPPORTED. . Reducing sodium intake lowers blood pressure.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antimicrobial strategies to prevent peritonitis in patients undergoing peritoneal dialysis. The use of antimicro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of atraumatic needles to reduce the risk of post-dural puncture headache. A Cochrane review in 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing clotiapine and chlorpromazine for the treatment of schizoph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide enough information to support the use of drain fluid amylase as an accurate test for diagnosing pancreatic leaks after surgery. The sensitivity and specificity
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. There is no randomized controlled trial to answer this question. The current
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Renin inhibitors effectively lower blood pressure compared to placebo in patients with primary hypertension. The renin-angiotensin-aldosterone system (RAAS) is a
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Educational and behavioral interventions improve anticoagulation control in patients with atrial fibrillation.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of a pacifier during sleep reduces the risk of sudden infant death syndrome. The use of a pacifier during sleep reduces the risk of sudden infant death syndrome by 39% .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 10 studies and concluded that there is insufficient evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is a trend towards community-based care for older people. The reasons for this trend are that community-based care is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacological treatment in alcohol-related liver disease. However, there are some promising results from clinical trials. The use of pharmacological treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of de-escalation techniques in managing aggression or agitation in people with psychosis. However, there is evidence that de-escal
SUPPORTED. Bypass surgery is effective for patients with chronic lower limb ischaemia. Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials showed that bypass surgery was associated with a lower risk of major amputation than
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Chlorhexidine (CHX) is a cationic antimicrobial agent that has been used for many years as a mouthwash to reduce plaque and gingiv
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of one immunosuppressive regimen over another in terms of patient outcomes. The choice of immunosuppressive regimen
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. Individual counselling is effective in helping smokers quit.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pelvimetry is not a reliable method for predicting the method of delivery for women with a cephalic presentation. The pelvimetry is not a reliable method for predicting
SUPPORTED. Return-to-work coordination programmes help workers on sick leave return to work more effectively than usual practice .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no specific pharmacological treatment for primary biliary cholangitis. The current treatment is based on the use of ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) and the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aminoglycoside antibiotics are commonly used to treat pulmonary exacerbations in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of different maternal pushing techniques during labor. The current research does not provide enough information to determine whether different maternal pushing techniques during labor affect maternal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that glucocorticoids improve live birth rates in women
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of L-carnitine to enhance cognitive function in cognitively healthy individuals. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct evidence comparing the efficacy of metiapine and chlorpromazine in the treatment of schizophrenia. However, both drugs are considered effective in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The freeze-all strategy is not more effective or safer than conventional IVF/ICSI for women undergoing assisted reproductive technology. The choice of strategy should be based on patient characteristics
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of radioisotopes in the treatment of bone metastases. The use of radioisotopes in the treatment of bone metastases is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing enteral and parenteral nutrition in patients undergoing bone marrow trans
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Capnography is a method of monitoring the exhaled carbon dioxide (CO2) concentration in the exhaled air. It is a non-invasive method of monitoring the vent
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Clozapine combination strategies with antipsychotic drugs improve outcomes for people with treatment-resistant schizophrenia. Clozapine is the most effective antips
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute this question. However, it is important to note that the use of CSF tau biomarkers in the prediction of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychological therapies to reduce anxiety in people with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no specific antiviral treatment for acute hepatitis B virus infection. The current treatment is mainly supportive care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: YES . Trimetazidine is effective for treating stable angina.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of benzodiazepines for the treatment of restless legs syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 13 observational studies showed that there was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Compulsory community treatment is a controversial topic in mental health care. The effectiveness of compulsory community treatment in improving outcomes for people with severe mental illness is not well established. Some studies have
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effect of vitamin C supplementation on the prevention of cardiovascular disease is still controversial. Some studies have shown that vitamin C supplementation can reduce the risk of cardiovascular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that deprescribing long-term PPI therapy has beneficial effects compared to continued use. The current evidence is conflicting and does not support the
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
SUPPORTED. Combined first trimester ultrasound and serum markers are more accurate for detecting Down's syndrome than other methods. The combined first trimester ultrasound and serum markers include
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Combined ultrasound and serum tests are more accurate for detecting Down's syndrome than ultrasound tests alone.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hydrolysed formulas to prevent allergies in infants compared to cow's milk formula or breast milk. The current evidence is not sufficient
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that psychosocial group interventions significantly improved the psychological well-being of adults living with HIV/AIDS
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of tuberculous pleural effusion. However, the use of corticosteroids in the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of CVD risk scores in improving cardiovascular outcomes in adults without existing cardiovascular disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that interventions to improve inhaler technique lead to better clinical outcomes for asthma patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of frenotomy in improving feeding ability in infants with tongue-tie is still controversial. Some studies have shown
SUPPORTED. Vitamin A supplementation reduces illness and death in young children .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. . Biologics and tofacitinib are effective treatments for rheumatoid arthritis in patients who have not responded to previous biologic therapies.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of LCPUFA supplementation in formula milk for full-term infants. The current research has not provided enough information to determine the benefits or risks
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is no evidence that people with intermediate-stage hepatocellular carcinoma benefit from systemic chemotherapy with sorafenib. The SHARP trial showed that sor
SUPPORTED. Online support groups help reduce emotional distress in women with breast cancer. (Evidence from a systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials with 2042 participants showed that online support groups significantly reduced emotional
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that erythrocytapheresis is a better treatment option than phlebotomy for hereditary haemochromatosis. Phlebotomy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of proton pump inhibitors in the treatment of functional dyspepsia. The current guidelines recommend the use of prokinetic agents as the first
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 studies and found no significant difference in recurrence-free
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of fundal pressure in helping women achieve spontaneous vaginal birth. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of radiotherapy for the treatment of HCC. The role of radiotherapy in the treatment of HCC is still controversial. The results of the current research are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether certain washout regimens for indwelling catheters are more effective than others. A Cochrane review published in 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin E supplementation to reduce vitamin E deficiency disorders in people with cystic fibrosis.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Levosimendan is effective in preventing low cardiac output syndrome in paediatric patients after heart surgery .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . Iodine supplementation during pregnancy and postpartum is recommended to prevent iodine deficiency in pregnant women and their children. However, the effect of iodine supplementation on
SUPPORTED. Ischaemic preconditioning is a process of applying brief episodes of ischaemia and reperfusion before a prolonged period of ischaemia and reperfusion. It has been shown to reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether non-contraceptive oestrogen is effective and safe for managing premenstru
EFFECTIVE: Antibiotic therapy is effective for treating C. difficile infections . Antibiotic therapy is effective for treating C. difficile infections . Antibiotic therapy is effective for treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Botulinum toxin is an effective treatment for strabismus. Botulinum toxin is a safe and effective treatment for strabismus. It is a non-surg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Autologous serum eye drops have been used to treat dry eye disease for decades, but there is no high-quality evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of N-acetylcarnosine eye drops in preventing or reversing cataracts. However, there is some evidence that N-
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Eplerenone lowers blood pressure in adults with primary hypertension. Eplerenone is a mineralocorticoid receptor antagonist that has been shown to lower blood
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Breastfeeding support increases the duration and exclusivity of breastfeeding. Breastfeeding support interventions have been shown to increase the duration and exclusivity of breastfeeding in multiple studies. A Co
SUPPORTED. (moderate certainty). Plasma exchange is recommended for patients with Guillain-Barré syndrome who are experiencing a rapidly deteriorating condition or who are not responding to initial treatment. The benefits
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of carbamazepine and phenytoin for treating partial onset seizures is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of glucose-lowering agents in patients with diabetes after kidney transplantation is an important issue. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that adding calcium and phosphorus to human milk improves growth in preterm infants. The current research on this topic is limited and the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The effect of vitamin A supplementation on mortality and morbidity in term neonates in low and middle income countries is not clear. A Cochrane review published in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the birthing position during the second stage of labour affects outcomes for women with epidural analgesia. The current research does not provide enough information to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The success rate of endonasal DCR is reported to be between 80% and 95% in the literature
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of medications before laser trabeculoplasty to prevent increased eye pressure after the procedure. The current research does not provide enough information
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence in the literature that bonded molar tubes are less effective than molar bands in preventing detachment during orthodontic treatment. The choice of one of these
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of probiotics for hepatic encephalopathy
SUPPORTED. Shared care is a model of care that involves collaboration between primary care physicians and specialists to manage patients with chronic diseases. This approach has been shown to improve patient outcomes, including disease control, quality of life,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical anaesthetics for dermal laceration repairs. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research on bronchoscopic lung volume reduction procedures for patients with moderate to severe COPD is limited and the results are inconclusive.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical phenytoin in the treatment of pressure ulcers. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence of the effectiveness of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether the percutaneous approach to endovascular aneurysm repair is as effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing buprenorphine and methad
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The evidence from the current clinical research is insufficient to support the hypothesis that renal denervation improves outcomes for patients with resistant hypertension. The Symplicity HTN-3 trial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-invasive ventilation for airway clearance in people with cystic fibrosis. The use of non-invas
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of specific techniques for instilling glaucoma medication. However, there are some techniques that have been studied, including instilling medication in the inferior
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Propranolol is more effective than placebo for treating migraines. Propranolol is a beta-adrenergic blocker that has been used to treat migr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of mass media interventions targeting ethnic minorities in changing health behaviors related to NCDs. However, there is evidence that mass media interventions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of walk-in clinics for treating basic medical complaints is not clear. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The evidence suggests that industry-sponsored studies are more likely to report favorable outcomes than non-industry sponsored studies .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Cataract surgery does not improve vision in patients with age-related macular degeneration. However, cataract surgery may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of home uterine activity monitoring in women at high risk of preterm birth. The current evidence is limited to a single randomized controlled trial with
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Smoking cessation interventions during pregnancy have been shown to improve health outcomes for mothers and infants. A Cochrane review of 20 studies with 10,1
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that ethosuximide is the best initial treatment for children and adolescents with typical absence seizures.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Perioperative antibiotic prophylaxis reduces the risk of endophthalmitis after cataract surgery. The use of perioperative antibiotic prophyl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether one method of fetal heart rate monitoring is more effective than another during labor. The choice of fetal heart rate monitoring method should be based on institutional factors
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Hepatitis B immunoglobulin (HBIG) administered to pregnant women in their third trimester can help prevent mother-to-child transmission of hepat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of system change interventions in healthcare settings to increase smoking cessation rates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct evidence comparing the efficacy of LAMA+LABA and LABA+ICS in the treatment of stable COPD. However, there is evidence that LAMA+
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The efficacy and safety of fixed dose low molecular weight heparin and adjusted dose unfractionated heparin for treating ven
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2016 found that there was no high-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the benefits of exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation for adults with atrial fibrillation. However, exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aspirin is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that is commonly used to
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antibiotic stewardship programs (ASPs) have been shown to reduce unnecessary antibiotic use in hospitals. ASPs are a set of interventions that aim to optimize
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ranolazine is a novel antianginal drug that has been approved for the treatment of stable angina. However, the evidence for its efficacy and safety is still controversial. Some studies
EFFECTIVE AND TOLERABLE: (yes). Methadone is effective and tolerable as a pain relief option for cancer patients. Methadone is a mu-opioid receptor agonist that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that selective episiotomy reduces severe perineal trauma
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent Cochrane review  showed that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of fluid restriction in infants with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are some studies that have evaluated the effectiveness of topical treatments for blepharokeratoconjunctivitis in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. Moisturisers are effective in treating eczema .
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Topical anaesthetics are effective and safe for reducing pain in newborns during needle procedures.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment method for simple bone cysts in children. The treatment of simple bone cysts in children is challenging and the optimal treatment is still controversial. The treatment options
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Continuous cardiotocography (CTG) is a widely used method for monitoring fetal wellbeing during labor. The use of CTG is associated with a reduction in neonatal mor
EFFECTIVE: Interventions aimed at improving adherence to antiepileptic medication show effectiveness. The effectiveness of interventions to improve adherence to antiepileptic medication has been demonstrated in several studies. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different insulin types and regimens affect pregnancy outcomes in women with pre-existing diabetes.
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Dance movement therapy is effective for improving symptoms in people with dementia. Dance movement therapy can improve the quality of life, reduce depression, and improve the cognitive function of people with dementia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of stretching in improving joint mobility for people at risk of contractures.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the timing of hypertonic saline inhalation affects its clinical efficacy in people with cystic fibrosis. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The safety of reducing the dose of inhaled corticosteroids in adults with well-controlled asthma is not clear
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of NIPPV over NCPAP in preterm infants to reduce the need for re-intubation. A recent meta-analysis
SUPPORTED. . Liposomal bupivacaine is effective in reducing postoperative pain compared to placebo.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Exercise has been shown to improve pain, function, and quality of life in people with hand osteoarthritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific corticosteroid treatment regimen in very low birth weight infants. The optimal corticosteroid treatment regimen for very low
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of high-volume haemofiltration in patients with severe sepsis or septic shock in the ICU. A systematic review of
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Intravenous midazolam infusion is effective for sedation in critically ill neonates. Intravenous midazolam infusion is a safe and effective sed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. . Workplace interventions can effectively prevent bullying.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) is the first-line treatment for KD. However, approximately 15–20% of patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, restrictive transfusion strategies are recommended for patients with non-malignant anaemia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin E to improve cognitive function in people with mild cognitive impairment or Alzheimer's disease. A systematic review of random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend that women with low-grade squamous intraepithelial lesion (LSIL) cytology
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of admission cardiotocography for low-risk pregnant women in labor. The use of admission cardiotocography for low-risk pregnant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Computed tomography pulmonary angiography is effective for diagnosing pulmonary embolism in pregnant patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The neuroprotective agents that have been studied in open angle glaucoma include antioxidants, anti-infl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral anti-diabetic medications are effective for treating gestational diabetes. Metformin is the most commonly used oral anti-diabetic medication for treating gestational diabetes. It has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that there was no significant difference in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that interventions exist that effectively prevent osteoporosis in patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy taking corticosteroids. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that the efficacy of pneumococcal vacc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cromolyn sodium is a mast cell stabilizer that has been used to prevent asthma exacerbations in children and adults. It has been suggested that cromolyn
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of NSAIDs for the treatment of endometriosis is not recommended due to the lack of evidence of their effectiveness and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Beta-blockers are effective in lowering blood pressure and reducing the risk of cardiovascular events in adults with hypertension .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The optimal timing of delivery for women with hypertensive disorders of pregnancy is still a matter of debate. The current evidence suggests that expect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of vitamin D supplementation in sickle cell disease patients found that the evidence was ins
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Music interventions have been shown to improve functional outcomes in people with acquired brain injury. A systematic review of 14 studies found that music interventions can improve functional outcomes in people with acquired brain
SUPPORTED. B-type natriuretic peptide (BNP) is a hormone secreted by the heart in response to ventricular volume overload and wall stress. It is used as a diagnostic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ataluren is a protein synthesis modulator that has been approved for use in Europe for patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy (DMD) with a nonsense mut
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise-based rehabilitation improves exercise capacity in people with pulmonary hypertension. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials with 622 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The use of serum procalcitonin to guide antibiotic therapy in patients with sepsis has been studied in several randomized controlled trials. However, the results of these
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of chronic blood transfusions in preventing strokes in people with sickle cell disease. However, there is evidence that chronic blood trans
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of hormone therapy for managing menopausal symptoms and preventing related health issues in older women. The effectiveness of hormone therapy for managing menop
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hysteroscopic metroplasty in women with a septate uterus. The current evidence is based on small, retros
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Physical activity and exercise help reduce pain severity in adults with chronic pain. A systematic review of 102 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that physical activity and exercise interventions were effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the use of fibrin glue in the treatment of pilonidal sinus disease found that
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Topical capsaicin is effective in relieving pain in patients with neuropathic pain. The mechanism of action of capsaicin is related to the activation of the TRP
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear most effective treatment for chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy. The treatment of CIDP is based on the experience of treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether starting treatment with one drug versus two for primary hypertension is more effective in improving clinical outcomes. The optimal initial treatment strategy for hypertension remains un
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aspirin is not recommended for the treatment of episodic tension-type headaches. However, there is insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Yoga is effective for treating chronic non-specific low back pain.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled short-acting anticholinergics in combination with beta₂-agonists for reducing hospitalis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cough augmentation techniques to improve extubation success in critically-ill patients with acute respiratory failure. The current evidence is limited
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is insufficient evidence to determine whether induction therapy with antithymocyte
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of symptomatic treatments for motor neuron disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Intensive Case Management is effective in reducing hospitalisation for severely mentally ill people.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Gabapentin is a synthetic analog of GABA, which is a neurotransmitter in the central nervous system. It is used to treat neuropathic pain and has been studied
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of body positioning to reduce apnoea in preterm infants. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of higher doses of epoetins given less frequently for patients with chronic kidney disease. The optimal dosing frequency and dose of e
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED: There is no evidence that inhaled nitric oxide improves oxygenation or reduces mortality in newborns with hypoxic respiratory failure. The use of inhaled nitric oxide
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of training interventions on clinicians' telephone consultation skills and patient outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of inhaled corticosteroids in preterm infants to prevent chronic lung disease is not supported by the current clinical research. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of expectant management or early
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common metabolic disorder during pregnancy. The prevalence of GDM is increasing worldwide, and it is estimated that 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of gabapentin for the treatment of fibromyalgia. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that gab
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inhaled nitric oxide is not recommended for routine use in preterm infants with hypoxic respiratory failure. However, it may be considered in preterm infants with
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Yoga has been shown to improve quality of life and mental health in women with breast cancer. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
SUPPORTED. Fulvestrant is an effective treatment for hormone-sensitive advanced breast cancer in postmenopausal women. Fulvestrant is a selective estrogen receptor downregulator that binds
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of school-based educational programs in preventing unintentional injuries in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that bone marrow-derived stem cells improve outcomes in chronic ischaemic heart disease and congestive heart failure. The use of bone marrow-derived stem
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  compared incision and drainage with needle aspiration for treating per
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of non-pharmacological interventions in reducing pain during orthodontic treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has shown that prophylactic blood transfusion is effective in preventing complications of sickle cell disease in children
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of progesterone in patients with acute traumatic brain injury. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence of a benefit
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of caregiver-mediated exercises to improve functional ability and quality of life in people with stroke. A systematic review by Liu et al.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Virtual reality training improves gait and balance in people with Parkinson's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 studies and found that the evidence was insufficient to determine the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at improving patient care on adherence to lipid-lowering medications. However, there is evidence that patient education and counsel
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Reserpine is effective in reducing blood pressure compared to placebo. Reserpine is a competitive inhibitor of vesaminergic neurotransmission and has been shown to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral zinc supplementation for treating acute diarrhoea in children. The Cochrane systematic review of 2011 included
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Supportive interventions improve dietary intake in malnourished adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of wound dressings to prevent surgical site infections in healing wounds. However, there is evidence that some wound dressings can reduce the risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that LCPUFA supplementation in formula milk is beneficial for preterm infants. However, the current research does not refute the
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Exercise therapy is effective in reducing fatigue in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Exercise is safe and effective for people with haemophilia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that routine use of inhaled oxygen is beneficial for patients with acute myocardial infarction. However, there is also no evidence that it is harmful.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that one material is more effective than another in saving teeth. The choice of material depends on the clinician's preference and the patient's financial situation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of action plans for COPD exacerbations to improve healthcare utilization. The Cochrane review by Devereaux et al. 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that treatment guidelines improve healthcare provider performance and patient outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of paracetamol or NSAIDs for pain relief in children with acute otitis media. The use of antibiotics is recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The pathological changes of the choroid and retina in pathological myopia are different from those in age-related mac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Risperidone is effective in treating schizophrenia compared to placebo. The efficacy of risperidone in schizophrenia has been demonstrated in several
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The efficacy of carbamazepine and phenobarbitone for treating partial onset seizures
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Clomiphene citrate is a selective estrogen receptor modulator that is used to treat infertility in women with anovulation. It works by stimulating the ov
SUPPORTED. Early NIPPV is more effective than NCPAP alone for preterm infants in respiratory distress . The Cochrane review of 2016  showed that early NIPPV
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bronchodilators in preterm infants with chronic lung disease. The use of bronchodilators in preterm infants with chronic lung
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of automated telephone communication systems to improve patient health behaviors and clinical outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2018  included 11 RCTs with 2,46
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of lumbar sympathectomy for patients with critical lower limb ischaemia due to non-reconstructable peripheral arterial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nutrient-enriched formula to improve growth and development of preterm infants after hospital discharge. The current evidence is limited to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A randomized controlled trial comparing efavirenz and nevirapine in HIV treatment found no significant difference in the proportion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Multifocal intraocular lenses (IOLs) have been shown to improve near vision compared to monofocal IOLs. Multifocal IOLs have a b
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016 compared the efficacy and safety of immediate-release and controlled-release carb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Infectious mononucleosis is a viral infection of the salivary glands caused by the Epstein-Barr virus (EBV). The symptoms of infectious mon
REFUTED. The use of antibiotics for treating Lyme neuroborreliosis is not supported by the current clinical research. The current guidelines do not recommend the use of antibiotics for treating Lyme neuroborre
SUPPORTED. Pulmonary rehabilitation after COPD exacerbations improves hospital admissions and other important health outcomes .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Antenatal breastfeeding education improves the initiation and duration of breastfeeding .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials comparing carbamazepine and topiramate for the treatment of partial-onset
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient information to answer this question. A Cochrane review published in 2017  included 11 RCTs with a total of 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of NO donors in inducing labour more effectively than placebo. The current research has shown that NO donors are not effective in inducing labour
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of cerebrolysin for acute ischaemic stroke found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017 found that zinc supplementation had no effect on the incidence of pneum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that fibrin glue is more effective than sutures for preventing recurrence in pterygium surgery. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the effects of palliative care interventions for patients with advanced dementia and their caregivers found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of combination intravenous antibiotic therapy over single therapy for treating cystic fibrosis. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute
SUPPORTED. Primary thromboprophylaxis with LMWH reduces the risk of VTE in cancer patients receiving chemotherapy . LMWH is recommended for primary thromboprophylaxis in cancer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. The number of appointments for root canal treatment is not a factor that affects the success rate or complications. However, the number
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2013 included 11 RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (not enough information). There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dopamine agonists in preventing ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome in high-risk women undergoing assisted reproduction technology.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Surgery for anterior compartment prolapse is safe and effective. The anterior compartment prolapse is a common condition in women. The anterior vaginal wall is the weakest part of
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation is effective and safe for treating severe transfusion-dependent ß-thalassemia . The only curative treatment for severe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nutritional interventions to improve recovery in older people after hip fracture. However, there is some evidence that nutritional supplements may
EFFECTIVE: Yes, nipple-sparing mastectomy is effective for treating breast cancer .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to promote shared decision-making for children with cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kawanami et al. 2018 1 showed that there is no high-quality evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of different post and core systems for restoring endodontically-treated teeth is not clear.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The timing of statin administration does not affect the treatment of high cholesterol. However, the timing of statin administration may affect the risk of side effects.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that oxygen therapy is effective in relieving breathlessness in patients with mild or no hypoxaemia due to COPD. However, there is insufficient evidence to make
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review by Kho et al. 2016  showed that there is no clear evidence that providing written information to patients reduces
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Immediate skin-to-skin contact after birth is associated with increased breastfeeding initiation, exclusive breastfeeding, and duration of breastfeeding.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Ustekinumab is effective for inducing remission in Crohn's disease. Ustekinumab is a monoclonal antibody that binds to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . Valproate is not recommended for the treatment of schizophrenia. The evidence for the use of valproate in schizophrenia is limited and the results are incons
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that intensive follow-up improves survival for patients with non-metastatic colorectal cancer after curative treatment. However, there is insufficient evidence to
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Educational interventions can help manage cancer-related fatigue in adults.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of IFN-beta-1a and IFN-beta-1b for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2019 found that there is no high-quality evidence to support the use of zinc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. Theoretical approaches have been used to improve contraceptive use, but the effectiveness of these approaches has not been well-established
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 10 studies found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence on the effectiveness of smoking cessation
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy is effective for people with cystic fibrosis. Pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy is effective in improving weight gain, nutritional
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous nutrients to prevent perioperative hypothermia during surgery. However, there are other methods to prevent hypother
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to conclude that non-medical prescribing is as effective as medical prescribing for managing health conditions. The effectiveness of non-medical prescribing may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding platinum-based chemotherapy after surgery or radiotherapy improves survival in early stage cervical cancer. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute this
RATIONALE: The efficacy of antiarrhythmic drugs for the treatment of non-paroxysmal atrial fibrillation is limited. Catheter ablation is an alternative treatment option for non-parox
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The IQCODE is a screening tool for dementia, but it is not clear whether it can be used to predict future dementia in individuals without current dementia. There is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for burning mouth syndrome. The current treatment options are mainly symptomatic and include topical analgesics, topical steroids, anticonvulsants, ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of recruitment manoeuvres in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome is controversial. A systematic review and meta
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The use of biologic monotherapy in patients with rheumatoid arthritis who have failed traditional treatments is not supported by the current clinical research. The use of bi
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of RCTs showed that hCG priming did not improve the clinical outcomes of IVM treatment, but
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective in relieving neck pain in adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sleep disorders are common in people with dementia, and they can have a negative impact on both the person with dementia and their caregivers. However, there is currently insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The use of fibrates in primary prevention has not been extensively studied. The available studies have not shown a clear benefit in terms of cardiovascular risk reduction. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that antihistamines and gabapentinoids were effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Mills et al. 2018  showed that there is a lack of high-quality evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is focused on the effectiveness of surgical treatment for ear discharge in children with grommets.
SUPPORTED. (oxcarbazepine is effective as an additional treatment for drug-resistant partial epilepsy) . OXC is effective in reducing seizure frequency in patients with drug-resistant partial ep
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Surgical treatment is effective for reducing symptoms in ulnar neuropathy at the elbow. The effectiveness of surgical treatment for ulnar neuropathy at the elbow has
RELIABLE: (supported) . Videolaryngoscopy reduces the incidence of laryngeal injuries and improves the view of the glottis compared to direct laryngoscopy. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is currently no gene therapy approved for the treatment of sickle cell disease. However, there are ongoing clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of gene therapy in patients with sickle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of empirical antibiotic treatment for o
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The efficacy of lamotrigine and carbamazepine in treating partial onset seizures
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Non-surgical interventions such as hormonal therapies, including combined oral contraceptives, progestin-only pills, and progestin-containing intrauter
SUPPORTED. Repetitive task training improves limb function in adults after a stroke. (The Cochrane review of repetitive task training for adults after a stroke showed that repetitive task training is effective in improving upper
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Acyclovir is the first-line treatment for herpes zoster ophthalmicus. Valacyclovir
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of products and procedures in preventing and treating incontinence-associated dermatitis in adults. However, there is some evidence that the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kwong et al. 2019 1 found that there was no difference in the rate of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Thrombolytic therapy is not recommended for patients with acute deep vein thrombosis. However, throm
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in combination with a long-acting beta-2 agonist (LABA) or long-acting muscarin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin D supplementation to prevent infections in children under five years old. However, there is some evidence that vitamin D supplementation may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of FeNO levels to tailor asthma treatment in children. The use of FeNO levels to guide asthma treatment is not recommended in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of school-based sexual and reproductive health programmes in reducing sexually transmitted infections and pregnancy among adolescents.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that cell-based therapy is effective for treating ALS/MND. However, there are ongoing clinical trials to evaluate the safety and efficacy of cell-based therapy
REFUTED. The use of antifungal agents in patients with allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA) and cystic fibrosis (CF) is not supported by the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is mainly focused on the comparison between the implantation of the orbital prosthesis and the socket, and the comparison
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical antibiotics to reduce the risk of surgical site infections. However, the use of topical antibiotics is common practice
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific positioning of newborns during mechanical ventilation to improve short-term respiratory outcomes. The current evidence is limited to small
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The use of antiepileptic drugs during pregnancy increases the risk of congenital malformations in children. The risk varies depending on the type of antiepileptic drug.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of pharmacomechanical thrombectomy over anticoagulation alone for treating iliofemoral DVT. However, the evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kajimoto et al.  showed that there is no consensus on the optimal fluid resuscitation strategy in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aspirin is commonly used to treat cardiovascular diseases and has been shown to reduce the risk of recurrent miscarriage
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the use of antifibrinolytic agents in reducing haemoptysis in patients. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The treatment of epilepsy is not effective and tolerable for people with Alzheimer's disease. However, the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that treatment can eradicate Burkholderia cepacia complex infections in cystic fibrosis patients. However, there is evidence that early detection and aggressive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the association between the withdrawal of antihypertensive medication and cognitive function and dementia risk. However, the withdrawal of antihypertensive medication
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
SUPPORTED. Surgery is effective for managing symptoms of lumbar spinal stenosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The optimal duration of treatment for abdominal tuberculosis is not well established. However, a six-month treatment regimen
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (insufficient evidence)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of alternative treatments for patients with thrombocytopenia due to chronic bone marrow failure.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that breastfeeding helps reduce pain during medical procedures in infants older than one month.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that higher intake of polyunsaturated fatty acids during infancy prevents allergic diseases.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Azathioprine and 6-mercaptopurine are effective in inducing remission in active Crohn's disease. The efficacy of azathiopr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct comparison between botulinum toxin type A and botulinum toxin type B for cervical dystonia. However, both botulinum tox
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2013  included 11 studies that compared the effect of using a dental cavity l
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that certain adhesives used for orthodontic bands reduce the likelihood of them coming off during treatment. The literature is inconclusive on this matter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) and plasma exchange (PE) are the two main immunomodulatory treatments for Guillain-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,039 patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of benzodiazepines for the treatment of breathlessness in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of pregabalin for essential tremor in adults found that the evidence was insufficient to determine
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Bisphosphonates are effective in increasing bone mineral density and reducing fractures in people with osteogenesis imperfecta.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research does not provide sufficient information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that avoiding bottle feeds during the establishment of breastfeeding improves breastfeeding success. However, it is important to note that the introduction of
SUPPORTED. General anaesthesia with volatile agents and opioids reduces the risk of awareness during surgery compared to intravenous anaesthesia with propofol and opioids. However, the risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hydroxyurea in reducing the need for blood transfusions in people with non-transfusion dependent beta thalassaemia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of insulin secretagogues to prevent or delay the onset of type 2 diabetes in at-risk individuals.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nasal decongestants for the common cold. However, there is evidence that prolonged use of nasal decongestants can lead
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses)
SUPPORTED. (moderate) NSAIDs are effective for reducing pain in people with sciatica. NSAIDs are effective for reducing pain in people with sciatica. A systematic review of 11 R
SUPPORTED. Lung volume reduction surgery (LVRS) is a surgical procedure that involves the removal of areas of the lung that are damaged and no longer able to function properly. This procedure can help to improve breathing and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Phantom limb pain is a subjective pain sensation experienced by amputees in the area of the missing limb. The pain can be constant or intermittent and may be associated
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that the clinical outcomes of laparoscopy and laparotomy for early-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of hyperbaric oxygen therapy for autism spectrum disorder found no studies that met the inclusion criteria
SUPPORTED. (evidence) There is sufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at reducing harm from continued tobacco use in improving long-term health outcomes.
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Tibolone is effective for treating menopausal symptoms in women. It is a selective tissue estrogenic activity regulator (STEAR) that has tissue-specific effects on estrogen
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Bifeprunox is a new antipsychotic drug that has not yet been approved for the treatment of schizophrenia. There is currently no clinical research on the effic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
SUPPORTED. (high-quality evidence). The use of a lower haemoglobin threshold for red blood cell transfusions reduces the need for transfusions without increasing mortality. The Cochrane review of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychological therapies are more effective than pharmacological interventions for treating panic disorder .
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Hydromorphone is effective in relieving cancer pain compared to other opioids. Hydromorphone is a synthetic opioid analgesic that is used to treat moderate to
SUPPORTED. Postoperative radiotherapy improves survival and reduces recurrence in patients with completely resected non-small cell lung cancer .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. SAMe is effective for treating depression in adults. SAMe is a naturally occurring molecule that is involved in the synthesis of neurotransmitters and has been used as an ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effectiveness of fentanyl for chronic neuropathic pain in adults is not clear. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that fentany
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Time-limited home-care reablement services help older adults maintain or improve their functional independence. A systematic review of 10 studies found that reablement programs can improve activities of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Educational interventions improve knowledge about sickle cell disease for patients and caregivers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Randomized controlled trials have shown that bisphosphonates are effective in preventing and treating bone loss caused by corticosteroids.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current clinical research has not provided sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness and safety of GABA receptor agonists
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy of immunotherapy for treating IgM anti-MAG paraprotein-associated demyelinating neuropathy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral appliances in the treatment of obstructive sleep apnoea in children. The use of oral appliances in children is not recommended by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that weaning protocols for mechanical ventilation need to consider the social and cultural environment for effective implementation. However, it is important to consider the social and cultural environment when implementing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-nutritive sucking in preterm infants to improve feeding and stability. However, non-nutritive sucking may have
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of strategies aimed at improving childcare services in promoting healthy eating and physical activity in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The optimal timing and duration of renal replacement therapy for critically ill patients with acute kidney injury are still unclear. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of treating sexual partners in reducing the recurrence of bacterial vaginosis in women. The current evidence is based on one randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of sacral colpopexy over other surgical interventions for apical vaginal prolapse. A recent systematic review and meta-
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is mainly focused on the comparison between distraction osteogenesis and conventional orthognathic surgery in patients with cle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that avoiding bottle feeds during the establishment of breastfeeding improves breastfeeding success. However, it is important to note that the introduction of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the use of non-invasive positive pressure ventilation as an add-on therapy for children with acute asthma. The use of non-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether any method of milk expression is more effective or safe than any other method. The choice of method should be based on individual circumstances and preferences.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Pregabalin is effective in reducing pain in adults with fibromyalgia .
SUPPORTED. Postoperative radiotherapy improves survival and reduces recurrence in patients with completely resected non-small cell lung cancer .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in reducing psychostimulant misuse in adults. However, there is evidence that psychosocial interventions can
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Oral 5-ASA agents are effective for maintaining remission in Crohn's disease. The efficacy of 5-ASA agents in inducing and maintaining rem
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Vitamin A supplementation in infants one to six months old reduces mortality and morbidity in low- and middle-income countries .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has shown that both methods are safe and effective. However, the evidence is insufficient to determine which method is more effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychostimulants to improve cocaine abstinence in individuals with cocaine dependence. The use of psychostimulants to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that platinum-based chemotherapy can cause hearing loss in children. The prevalence of hearing loss in children
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at adults with severe mental illness in increasing cancer screening uptake. However, there is evidence that people with severe mental illness have
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Laser treatment is effective for removing dental caries compared to traditional drilling methods. However, the effectiveness of laser treatment is still
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. (evidence level: B). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 546 patients showed that the combination of dexketopro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether ketoprofen is effective for treating frequent episodic tension-type headaches
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  found that the evidence for the effectiveness of pneumococcal vaccination in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. However, there is evidence that exercise during adjuvant treatment for breast cancer can help reduce treatment-related side effects.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) interventions for
SUPPORTED. Risperidone is as effective as other atypical antipsychotic drugs for treating schizophrenia. The efficacy of risperidone is comparable to that of other atypical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that the use of a rubber dam improves the success of restorations compared to other isolation methods. However, the use of a rubber dam has other advantages, such
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral stimulation interventions to help preterm infants achieve oral feeding earlier. However, the current evidence is insufficient to refute the use
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Alpha-1 antitrypsin augmentation therapy is effective in treating patients with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency and lung disease. The therapy is associated with a significant reduction
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of antifibrinolytic agents to reduce blood loss in children undergoing scoliosis surgery. The use of antifibrinol
REFUTED. There is sufficient evidence that local anaesthesia is as effective as general anaesthesia for vitrectomy surgery. In a systematic review and meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question. However, it is generally accepted that people with type 2 diabetes on insulin who have inadequate glycaemic control should be treated
SUPPORTED. (moderate certainty) Population-level interventions for reducing dietary sodium intake have been shown to lead to lower salt consumption. A systematic review of 14 studies showed that population-
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Pain-relieving agents are effective and safe for treating colic in infants under four months old.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of additional imaging tests to improve the detection of resectability in pancreatic and periampullary cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of anticoagulant therapy in patients with heart failure is controversial. The use of anticoagulant therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that singing improves the quality of life for people with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of hyperbaric bupivacaine over isobaric bupivacaine for spinal anaesthesia in caes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of compression stockings to prevent deep vein thrombosis during long flights.
SUPPORTED. The ankle brachial index is effective for diagnosing peripheral arterial disease in patients with leg pain that improves with rest. The ankle brachial index is a non-invasive
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Chlamydia screening in women reduces the risk of pelvic inflammatory disease, ectopic pregnancy, and tubal factor infertility . Chlamydia screening
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The long-term effects of electronic cigarettes on smoking cessation are not yet known.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The efficacy of antidepressants and benzodiazepines in the treatment of panic disorder has been demonstrated in several clinical trials. Antidepressants are considered the first-
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Fast-track cardiac care is safe and effective compared to conventional care for patients undergoing cardiac surgery.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Penicillin, amoxicillin, and first-generation cephalosporins are the most effective antibiotics for treating streptococcal pharyng
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  compared the effects of inhalational and intravenous anaesthesia on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend very early revascularization of the carotid artery. However, the optimal time window for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that withdrawing statins improves outcomes for people with dementia. However, there is evidence that statins may have a protective effect against de
SUPPORTED. (evidence) NSAIDs are effective in relieving pain in people with biliary colic. NSAIDs are the first-line treatment for biliary colic. They work by blocking the production of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 studies on the effectiveness of antidepressants and psychological therapies for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of HIV prevention advice for people with serious mental illness. However, there is evidence that people with serious
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of oral health education on outcomes for people with serious mental illness. However, there is evidence that oral health education is effective in improving oral health knowledge and
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The MTBDRsl test is effective for detecting second-line drug resistance in tuberculosis patients. The MTBDRsl test is a rapid molecular test that can detect resistance to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Myo-inositol is a naturally occurring sugar that is found in many foods and is also produced in the body. It is used as a treatment for polycystic ovary syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Using individual participant data in meta-analyses provides more accurate results than using aggregate data. This is because individual participant data allow for more precise estimates of treatment effects and more accurate assessment of heterogeneity between studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that vitamin D supplementation did
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial comparing the efficacy and safety of statins for treating aortic valve stenosis. However, there are several observational studies that suggest that statins
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Topiramate is not recommended for the treatment of acute mood episodes in bipolar disorder.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Karam et al.  compared the efficacy of multiple-injection techniques with single-injection techniques
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Home management of elderly patients with acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is effective and safe, with a lower risk of re-h
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal duration of intravenous antibiotic therapy in treating chest exacerphorations in cystic fibrosis is
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence) Oxycodone is effective in reducing pain for adults with fibromyalgia. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The combination of Vilanterol and Fluticasone Furoate improves lung function and reduces exacerbations in asthma patients compared to placebo. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of short-course treatment regimens for tuberculous meningitis compared to longer regimens. The current evidence is ins
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that cognitive rehabilitation can improve memory outcomes for stroke patients
REFUTED. There is no evidence that synchronised mechanical ventilation improves gas exchange compared to conventional ventilation. The results of a systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The use of exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO) as a biomarker for asthma management is promising, but the evidence is not yet sufficient to support its use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends vitamin A supplementation for children with measles to prevent blindness, but
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of responsive feeding to improve growth rates and parent satisfaction in preterm infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (not enough information). There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al. 2019 1 found that there is no clear
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The decision to remove asymptomatic disease-free impacted wisdom teeth should be based on the individual clinical situation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cup feeding to improve weight gain and breastfeeding success in infants who cannot fully breastfeed. However, the use of cup feeding is associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of plasma expanders in preventing OHSS in high-risk women undergoing IVF or ICSI. The current evidence is based on a
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Vaginal atrophy is a common condition in postmenopausal women. It is characterized by a decrease in the thickness of the vaginal epithelium, loss
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is limited to the efficacy of antiviral drugs in reducing the duration of symptoms for first-episode
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of blood transfusion in treating acute chest syndrome in sickle cell disease. However, blood transfusion is used to treat acute chest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Al-Hakim et al. (2013)  included 10 studies and found no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that pharmacological treatments have an effect on the neurological status of people with Friedreich ataxia. The only approved treatment for Friedreich ataxia is the
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of methotrexate in combination with other DMARDs is more effective than using methotrexate alone for treating rheumatoid arthritis. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulisers over other inhaler types for treating COPD exacerbations. The use of nebulisers in COP
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effect of progestin-only contraceptives on body weight is controversial. Some studies have shown that progestin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that internal dressings help heal perianal abscess cavities. However, there is a lack of high-quality research on this topic. The use of internal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of acupuncture for subacute and chronic stroke showed that
SUPPORTED. Rooming-in is associated with a longer duration of breastfeeding compared to separation .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effect of the length of primary care consultations on patient outcomes. The research that exists is of low quality
SUPPORTED. Liposomal bupivacaine is effective for managing postoperative pain when used as a peripheral nerve block .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . Amnioinfusion is a procedure in which a small amount of saline is infused into the amniotic sac to increase the amniotic fluid volume. It is used to treat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a feeding readiness instrument to improve the time to establish full oral feeding in preterm infants. However, the use of a feeding readiness
SUPPORTED. Kangaroo mother care (KMC) is a cost-effective and safe intervention for low birthweight infants that can reduce mortality and morbidity, improve growth, and promote breastfeeding .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity is a dose-dependent complication of anthracycline chemotherapy. The incidence of cardiotoxicity is 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inhaled corticosteroids are not recommended for treating cystic fibrosis. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of inhaled cortic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of TEG or ROTEM-guided transfusion strategies to reduce the need for blood products in patients with bleeding. The use of TE
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that vitamin A supplementation reduces the risk of chronic lung disease in very low birth weight infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend concomitant AF surgery. However, the decision to perform concomitant AF surgery should be
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Non-pharmacological interventions, such as behavioral interventions, can help reduce sleepiness and improve sleep quality for shift workers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that drugs that reduce gastric acidity improve fat absorption in people with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether implementation tools developed by guideline producers improve adherence to clinical practice guidelines.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is not sufficient to determine whether avoiding steroids after kidney transplantation increases the risk of acute rejection.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review published in 2017  found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to support the effect of exercise on
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Self-management interventions can improve quality of life in adults with stroke living in the community. A systematic review of 11 studies found that self-management interventions can improve quality
SUPPORTED. (moderate). The Cochrane review of smoking cessation interventions for people with COPD found that behavioral interventions alone or in combination with pharmacological interventions increased the odds of ab
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The choice of the Seldinger technique or the venous cutdown technique for implanting TIVAPs depends on the preference
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence to support or refute the use of heparin in patients with ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysms undergoing emergency repair. The use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Stupp trial  showed that radiotherapy with concomitant and adjuvant temozolomide is the standard treatment
REFUTED. There is no evidence that synchronised mechanical ventilation improves gas exchange compared to conventional ventilation. The results of a systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomised controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to promote hearing aid use in adults with hearing loss. The current research has focused on the short-term effects of these interventions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of hormonal contraceptives in women who are overweight or obese. However, there is evidence that hormonal contraceptives are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of omega-3 fatty acids in controlling seizures in people with refractory epilepsy. A systematic review of randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Endothelin receptor antagonists have been used in infants with persistent pulmonary hypertension, but the evidence is limited to small observational studies and case reports. There is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fish oil in kidney transplant recipients on CNI therapy to improve kidney and cardiovascular health. However, there is evidence that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of osmotic and stimulant laxatives for treating functional childhood constipation. However, the use of osmotic laxatives
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological interventions to improve cognitive function in cancer survivors.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Corruption in the health sector is a complex and multifaceted problem. There is no single strategy that has been shown to be effective in reducing corruption in the health sector. The effectiveness of
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 20 studies found that interventions can reduce the risk of abuse and neglect in older adults . Another systematic review of 12 studies found that interventions can reduce the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Trabectome is a microcatheter-based surgical procedure that creates a channel between the anterior chamber and Sch
SUPPORTED. Music interventions can help improve psychological and physical outcomes in cancer patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mobile clinics to improve women's and children's health. Mobile clinics have been shown to be effective in increasing access to health services
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Melatonin is effective as an add-on treatment for epilepsy. Melatonin has been shown to reduce seizure frequency in patients with epilepsy, particularly in those with noct
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that isolating HCV-infected patients during haemodialysis reduces the transmission of HCV to other patients. The transmission of H
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that public sector regulation and training improve the quality of private for-profit healthcare services in low- and middle-income countries.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The use of nitrous oxide in general anaesthesia increases the risk of accidental awareness during surgery. Nitrous oxide is a potent analgesic and sedative
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cycled light to improve growth in preterm infants. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of behavioral interventions to help HIV-positive women choose and use contraceptives effectively. However, there is evidence that behavioral inter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hip core decompression in the treatment of sickle cell disease and avascular necrosis of bone.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,00
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that psychological interventions are effective in preventing depression in children and adolescents.
SUPPORTED. (Crohn's Disease Endoscopic Index of Severity and Simple Endoscopic Scale for Crohn's Disease are effective for assessing disease activity.)
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical research)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Tubal sterilisation is a safe and effective method of contraception. It is a permanent method of contraception and is highly effective in preventing pregnancy. It is a minor surg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The negative predictive value of a D-dimer test is high in patients with low pre-test probability of pulmonary embolism. However, a negative D-dimer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no evidence that statins are effective in preventing or delay
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nitrates in patients undergoing non-cardiac surgery. However, there is some evidence that nitrates may be beneficial in patients with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that children treated with platinum-based therapy are at risk for hearing
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Home telemonitoring with healthcare professional feedback improves asthma management compared to usual care. Home telemonitoring with healthcare professional feedback is associated with improved asthma control, quality of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of xylitol in the prevention of acute otitis media in children. A systematic review published in 2014 included 11
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on sGC stimulators in pulmonary hypertension is mainly focused on the treatment of pulmonary ar
REFUTED. (insufficient evidence) There is no evidence that bioidentical hormone therapy is more effective than placebo for menopausal hot flushes. The evidence from randomized controlled trials suggests that bioidentical
EFFECTIVE: Group-based parenting programmes are effective in improving the emotional and behavioural adjustment of young children.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (supported). Fluoride mouthrinses are effective in preventing dental caries in children and adolescents. The Cochrane systematic review of 2010 showed that fluoride mouth
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is insufficient evidence to determine whether local ana
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oxycodone is effective for treating chronic neuropathic pain in adults. Oxycodone is a μ-opioid receptor agonist that is effective in treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that long-term indwelling urinary catheters are associated with increased risk of urinary tract in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that advance care planning in haemodialysis patients leads to fewer hospital admissions and better adherence to patients' end-of-life
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the timing of dornase alfa inhalation affects clinical outcomes in people with cystic fibrosis. The optimal timing of d
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of an eye patch for corneal abrasions to improve healing and reduce pain. However, it is important to note that the use of an
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dopamine agonists to prevent miscarriage in women with idiopathic hyperprolactinemia. The use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Enzyme replacement therapy is effective for treating Anderson-Fabry disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current meta-analysis showed that there was no significant difference in the failure rate between bioabsorbable interference screws and metallic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that anti-tuberculous therapy helps maintain remission in Crohn's disease. However, there is also no evidence that anti-tuberculous therapy does
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of palivizumab in children with cystic fibrosis. A randomised controlled trial was conducted to evaluate the effic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is a trend towards the use of percutaneous tracheostomy techniques in critically ill patients due to the lower
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Sudden Unexpected Death in Epilepsy (SUDEP) is a sudden, unexpected, and non-traumatic
SUPPORTED. Molecular-targeted therapy is effective for treating advanced gastric cancer.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Corticosteroid therapy is effective for treating Bell's palsy. Corticosteroid therapy is effective for treating Bell's palsy. The Cochrane systematic review of
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Speech and language therapy is effective in improving speech for children with dysarthria .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that pain relief during colposcopy treatment reduces pain for patients. The current research on this topic is limited, and the results are inconsistent. Some
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cannabinoids in treating fibromyalgia symptoms in adults. The current evidence is limited to one randomized controlled trial with a small sample
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of motivational interviewing interventions in preventing alcohol misuse in young adults.
SUPPORTED. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique that has been studied as a potential treatment for Parkinson's disease (PD). The technique
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The use of altered radiation fraction size is not recommended in the guidelines of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) guidelines recommend whole breast radiotherapy after breast-conserving therapy for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether surgical treatment is more effective than non-surgical treatment for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of intracystic bleomycin for treating cystic craniopharyngiomas in children. However, there is some evidence that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018 included 11 studies and found that there was no consensus on the effectiveness of antib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of NSAIDs for the treatment of postpartum pain is not recommended in the current guidelines. However, there are some
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral antibiotic therapy is effective for treating lung infections in people with cystic fibrosis. The use of oral antibiotics in the treatment of lung infections in people
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that skin antisepsis during central venous catheter care reduces the risk of catheter-related blood stream infections. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine measurement and feedback of patient-reported outcomes to improve the management of common mental health disorders. However, there is some evidence that the use of patient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Codeine is not recommended for treating chronic cough in children. Codeine is not effective for treating chronic cough in children. Codeine is associated with serious adverse effects such as respiratory depression
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The diagnosis of endometriosis is based on clinical symptoms, imaging, and laparoscopy. Non-invasive tests such as urine and blood tests are not reliable for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the immediate delivery of preterm babies with suspected fetal compromise compared to deferred delivery. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that removing a central venous catheter improves survival in patients with candidaemia. The current evidence is based on a single randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of intervention strategies to improve childhood immunisation coverage in low- and middle-income countries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of rituximab for acquired haemophilia A.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is no evidence that laser-assisted cataract surgery is safer than standard phacoemulsification cataract
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether sealing techniques after preterm prelabour rupture of membranes improve maternal and neonatal outcomes. The current evidence is limited to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Liu et al. 2019 1 found that there is a lack of high-quality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of diagnostic laparoscopy in the assessment of resectability in pancreatic and periampullary cancer. The current literature is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vesicoureteral reflux (VUR) is a condition in which urine flows from the bladder to the ureter. It is a common cause of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of transcutaneous electrical stimulation for the treatment of constipation in children. The current evidence is limited to a single randomized controlled trial with
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that self-monitoring or self-management of oral anticoagulant therapy reduces thrombotic events and all-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no consensus on the optimal treatment for diffuse brainstem glioma. The current standard of care is based on retrospective studies and small prospective trials. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that implementing the IMCI strategy helps reduce child mortality. The IMCI strategy is a package of interventions that aim to reduce child mortality by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of assistive devices and education on hip precautions to improve outcomes after total hip arthroplasty.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Rapid antigen detection tests are not recommended for diagnosing group A streptococcus in children with pharyngitis. The rapid antigen detection tests have a low sensitivity and specific
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Aminosalicylates are effective for treating mildly to moderately active Crohn's disease. Aminosalicylates are effective in inducing and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of technology-based interventions to improve memory and executive functioning in children and adolescents with brain injury.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Short-acting insulin analogues provide significant benefits over regular human insulin for adults with type 1 diabetes. The benefits include a lower risk of hypoglycemia, a lower risk of severe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. LHRH agonists are effective and safe for treating relapsed epithelial ovarian cancer. The LHRH agonist goserelin is effective in treating relapsed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016 found that there was no evidence to support the use of nutritional supplements
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of school-based interventions to improve contraceptive use among adolescents.
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence). Acupuncture is effective in reducing headache frequency in adults with episodic migraine. The current evidence suggests that acupuncture is effective in reducing headache frequency in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence is insufficient to answer this question. The standard triple therapy is the first-line treatment for H. pylori infection. However, the sequential therapy is not recommended as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Breast engorgement is a common problem in lactating women. It is characterized by an increase in the size of the breast due to the accumulation of fluid in the lobules and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2013 included 12 RCTs
REFUTED. Inhaled nitric oxide does not reduce mortality in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Aripiprazole is effective in treating irritability in individuals with autism spectrum disorders. Aripiprazole is a partial dopamine agonist and 5-HT1
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Exercise therapy is effective in reducing fatigue in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Lamotrigine is effective in reducing seizure frequency in people with refractory partial epilepsy. Lamotrigine is effective in reducing seizure frequency in people with refractory
SUPPORTED. (betahistine is effective in reducing symptoms of vertigo) . Betahistine is a histamine H1 receptor agonist and H3 receptor antagonist. It is used to
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that starting nasal CPAP soon after birth helps reduce the need for mechanical ventilation and the incidence of bronchopul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is currently no clinical research on the use of topical CFTR gene replacement therapy for cystic fibrosis. CFTR gene replacement therapy is currently only available as a systemic therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether there is a preferred route of administration for antibiotics to prevent infections after caesarean section. The optimal route of administration of antibiotics
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that paracetamol was effective for treating episodic
SUPPORTED. (effective) Splenectomy is effective in reducing the need for blood transfusions in people with beta-thalassaemia major or intermedia. Splenectomy is a surgical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Tobacco cessation interventions are effective for people living with HIV/AIDS. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that behavioral inter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 2015  showed that there is no evidence of benefit of antibiotics for children
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of electrotherapy modalities for treating rotator cuff disease.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that exercise and manual therapy are effective in treating rotator cuff disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that fortifying staple foods with zinc improves health-related outcomes in the general population. The current evidence is limited to a few studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct evidence comparing the effectiveness of actinomycin D and methotrexate for treating low-risk gestational trophoblastic neoplasia. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of increasing the dose of inhaled corticosteroids to manage asthma exacerbations effectively.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the preferred method of insulin administration for pregnant women with diabetes. The choice of insulin administration method should be based on individual patient needs and preferences.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effect of Tai Chi on improving breathing and exercise ability in people with COPD.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A booster dose of hepatitis B vaccine is beneficial for individuals with low antibody levels. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 studies with 1,200
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that paracetamol was effective for treating low back pain
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that hypertonic solutions are more effective than isotonic solutions
LABEL: SUPPORTED. . Biologic interventions have been shown to improve fatigue in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of tiotropium in combination with LABA/ICS is more effective than using tiotropium alone for treating COPD. The use of tiotropium in combination
SUPPORTED. TEVAR is more effective than conventional open surgery for treating thoracic aortic aneurysms . TEVAR is associated with lower mortality and morbidity rates than open surgery. However
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of massage with or without aromatherapy for the relief of cancer-related symptoms. However, there is some evidence that massage may be beneficial for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that systematic screening for atrial fibrillation improves detection rates compared to routine practice. However, there is evidence that systematic screening for atrial fibrillation impro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  found that there was not enough evidence to determine whether vaccinating healthcare workers in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antipsychotics in the treatment of fibromyalgia. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of antipsychotics
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (supported). Speech and language therapy is effective for improving communication in stroke patients with aphasia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend that homocysteine-lowering therapy should not be used in patients with end-stage kidney disease
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness and safety of systemic treatments for children with blepharokeratoconjunctivitis.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. There is no systematic review or randomized controlled trial. The current literature is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of regular follow-up examinations in improving outcomes for women treated for breast cancer.
SUPPORTED. Institutional smoking bans have been shown to reduce exposure to secondhand smoke and smoking rates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016 compared the outcomes of laparoendoscopic single site donor neph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychological preparation for elective surgery. However, there is some evidence that psychological preparation may improve patient satisfaction and reduce anxiety and depression after surgery.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend that the decision to perform an invasive procedure should be based on the patient's clinical presentation, the results
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of topical minoxidil for treating female pattern hair loss. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of autologous platelet-rich plasma in the treatment of chronic wounds. The use of autologous platelet-rich plasma in the treatment of
SUPPORTED. EGFR-TKIs are more effective than chemotherapy for treating EGFR mutation positive non-small cell lung cancer . The results of the LUX-Lung 3, LUX-
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to determine whether there is a specific platelet transfusion threshold that should be used before lumbar punctures or epidural anaesthesia in people with low
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Hydromorphone is effective for treating chronic neuropathic pain in adults. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that hydromor
SUPPORTED. Intravenous paracetamol is effective for treating postoperative pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. (No evidence of efficacy) There is no evidence that corticosteroids improve nerve function in leprosy patients. The use of corticosteroids in leprosy is not recommended due to the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Transient tachypnea of the newborn (TTN) is a common respiratory disease in newborns. The main clinical manifestations are tachypnea, dysp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of antidepressants for the treatment of depression in dialysis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has not been conducted on the effectiveness of antiepileptic drugs in preventing seizures in patients with viral
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that inducing labor for suspected fetal macrosomia reduces the risk of birth injuries. The current research has not provided enough information to support this
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Environmental enhancement and conservation activities can improve health and well-being in adults. A systematic review of 12 studies found that environmental enhancement and conservation activities can improve health and well-being in adults
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support or refute this question. However, there is a case report of a patient with recurrent toxoplasma retinochoroiditis who was treated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-term blood transfusions in patients with sickle cell disease and chronic chest complications. However, there is evidence to support the use
SUPPORTED. Midazolam is effective for sedation before medical procedures .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hCG in improving pregnancy outcomes in subfertile women. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Hypnosis is effective and safe for pain management during labour and childbirth .
EFFECTIVE: (effective). Azathioprine is effective for maintaining remission in ulcerative colitis. Azathioprine is a purine analog that inhibits DNA synthesis and cell division. It is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of microbial sealants before surgery to reduce the risk of surgical site infections. The use of microbial sealants before surgery is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The WHO recommends the use of fixed-dose combinations for the treatment of drug-susceptible pulmonary tub
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that shorter or lower-dose oral steroids are less effective for asthma exacerbations compared to longer or higher-dose reg
LABEL: SUPPORTED. . Botulinum toxin type B is effective for treating cervical dystonia compared to placebo. Botulinum toxin type B is effective for treating cervical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Biologics are effective in treating rheumatoid arthritis patients who have not responded to standard treatments. TNF inhibitors are the most commonly used biologics for this
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions on quality of life for adults undergoing strabismus surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend the use of systemic antifungal drugs for treating tinea capitis in children. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that lateral positioning improves outcomes for critically ill patients compared to other body positions. The current research does not provide enough information to support this
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial treatments in reducing the likelihood of self-harm in adults. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The LF-LAM test is effective for diagnosing active tuberculosis in HIV-positive adults. The LF-LAM test is a point-of-care test
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of nicotine receptor partial agonists, such as varenicline and bupropion, has been shown to increase the likelihood of quitting smoking compared to place
SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials)
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The effectiveness of maintenance agonist pharmacotherapy for treating pharmaceutical opioid dependence has been supported by clinical research. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of multi-nutrient fortified human breast milk for preterm infants. The Cochrane review on this topic included 11 randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that talc poudrage is the most effective treatment for malignant pleural effusion. However, talc poudrage is still used as a palliative
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no RCTs that evaluated the efficacy and safety of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The risk of seizure recurrence after a first unprovoked seizure is high, and the risk of seizure recurrence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no research on the effectiveness of professional interventions for GPs in improving the management of musculoskeletal conditions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019 compared the use of high-frequency jet ventilation (HFJV
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is sufficient evidence that psychosocial interventions are effective for treating cannabis use disorder in adults. Psychosocial interventions are effective in reducing cannabis use and increasing abstinence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical trial NCT01962062 was terminated before completion due to slow enrollment. The clinical trial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of heparin to reduce the risk of intraventricular haemorrhage in very preterm neonates. The
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective in relieving neck pain in adults .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dextrose gel in the treatment of neonatal hypoglycaemia. However, there is evidence that dextrose gel is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Alpha2-adrenergic agonists are effective in managing opioid withdrawal symptoms. Clonidine and lofexidine are effective in reducing the severity of opioid withdrawal symptoms
REFUTED. Intra-articular morphine does not provide better pain relief than placebo after knee arthroscopy. In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 1
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions designed to improve the transition of care for adolescents from paediatric to adult health services.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of granulocyte transfusions in the treatment of neutropenia. The use of granulocyte transfusions in the
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous magnesium sulfate in children with acute asthma. A Cochrane review published in 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence of a difference in the number of oocytes retrieved,
REFUTED. (insufficient evidence) There is insufficient evidence to support the use of reserpine and chlorpromazine in the treatment of schizophrenia. Reserpine was one of the first
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Midwife-led continuity models of care are more effective than other models for childbearing women and their infants. (The Cochrane Library, 2017)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of randomized controlled trials of corticosteroids for tuberculous meningitis included 11
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that routine revascularisation of the left subclavian artery improves outcomes in patients undergoing thoracic endovascular aortic repair. The current
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that yoga improves quality of life and symptoms in people with asthma. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that yoga-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has not been able to prove that wearing surgical face masks during clean surgery reduces the risk of postoperative wound
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that different types of intranasal steroids have varying effects on chronic rhinosinusitis symptoms. Intranasal steroids are effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral corticosteroids in patients with chronic rhinosinusitis. The use of oral corticosteroids in chronic rhinosinusitis is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  included 10 RCTs with 1026 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The clinical research on the effectiveness of antibiotics in treating chronic rhinosinusitis is inconclusive. Some studies have shown that antibiotics can improve symptoms in the short term, but their
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of oral corticosteroids in the treatment of chronic rhinosinusitis is controversial. Some studies have shown that oral cort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that back schools are effective for treating acute or subacute non-specific low-back pain. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the effectiveness of back
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A low bacterial diet has not been studied in cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy with neutropenia. However, a low bacter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has not been conducted to compare the effectiveness of recombinant drugs and urinary hCG for final oocyte
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral morphine is effective in relieving cancer pain.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Topical NSAIDs are effective in relieving chronic musculoskeletal pain in adults. Topical NSAIDs are effective in relieving pain associated with osteoarthrit
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Oral 5-ASA is effective for inducing remission in active ulcerative colitis. 5-ASA is a commonly used drug for the treatment of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) SGLT2 inhibitors reduce the risk of new-onset type 2 diabetes in patients with prediabetes or diabetes. SGLT2 inhibitors reduce the risk of new
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of active body surface warming systems to prevent complications from unintended hypothermia during surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiepileptic drugs in the prevention of seizures in people with intracranial venous thrombosis. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Dipyrone is not recommended for the treatment of postoperative pain.
The combination of sumatriptan and naproxen is effective for treating acute migraine attacks . The combination of sumatriptan and naproxen was found to be more effective than sumatriptan alone in the
SUPPORTED. (survival and response rates) . Bortezomib is a proteasome inhibitor that has been shown to have significant activity in multiple myeloma. In a phase III trial, bort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that early removal of central venous catheters improves outcomes in newborns with bloodstream infections. The current literature is not sufficient to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Endometriosis is a chronic inflammatory disease that affects women of reproductive age. The disease is characterized by the presence of endometrial tissue outside the uterus,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the type of PPE used by healthcare workers affects their risk of infection during epidemics.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective in reducing the frequency of tension-type headaches .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). H. pylori eradication therapy is effective in healing peptic ulcers and preventing their recurrence. The first randomized controlled trial (RCT) to evaluate the effect of H
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (efficacy) Fingolimod is effective in reducing disease activity in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. Fingolimod is a disease-modifying drug
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is based on observational studies and case reports. The use of medications in children and adolescents with migraine is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of urinary alkalisers for treating uncomplicated urinary tract infections in women. The use of urinary alkalisers is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Glutamine is a conditionally essential amino acid that plays a crucial role in maintaining gut integrity, immune function, and protein synthesis. Preterm infants are at risk of glut
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no RCTs that evaluated the efficacy and safety of
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Acupuncture and acupressure are effective for treating primary dysmenorrhoea. Acupuncture and acupressure are effective in reducing pain intensity and pain duration in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of daily iron supplementation in menstruating women. The effect of iron supplementation on health outcomes in menstruating women is not clear.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, there are some studies that have shown that remote asthma check-ups can be as safe and effective as face-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of insulin therapy for managing diabetes in people with cystic fibrosis. The use of insulin therapy in this population is not recommended due
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is no preferred treatment approach for acute necrotising pancreatitis that reduces complications.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Alemtuzumab is effective in reducing disease activity in patients with multiple sclerosis. Alemtuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). The efficacy of depot risperidone in the treatment of schizophrenia has been demonstrated in several clinical trials. A meta-analysis of 14 randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence on the effect of oxytocin administration in non-facility birth settings on the prevention of severe postpartum haemorrhage. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the optimal management strategy for pancreatic pseudocysts. The management of pancreatic pseudocysts depends on the clinical presentation, size, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of deworming drugs to improve health outcomes for people living with HIV. However, there is evidence that deworming drugs can be used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. There is no randomized controlled trial to answer this question. The Cochr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Karam et al. 2018 1 showed that there was no significant difference in the pain scores
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is the most effective psychological treatment for panic disorder .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Breathing exercises have been shown to have a beneficial effect on children with asthma. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that breathing exercises
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that omega-3 fatty acid supplements did not
SUPPORTED. Mobile phone-based interventions are effective in helping people quit smoking. Mobile phone-based interventions are effective in helping people quit smoking. Mobile phone-based interventions are effective in helping people quit smoking. Mobile
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chromoscopy during colon examinations. Chromoscopy is a technique that involves the use of a chromoscope, a type of magn
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The intensity of glycaemic control in pregnant women with gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with improved maternal and infant health outcomes. However, the optimal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs to slow lung disease progression in cystic fibrosis. A systematic review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2019  included 11 studies and found that the evidence was insufficient to determine whether
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Chlorpromazine is as effective as newer antipsychotic drugs for treating schizophrenia. Chlorpromazine is a first-generation antipsychotic drug that was introduced in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that G. lucidum may improve the
SUPPORTED. Dornase alfa improves lung function in cystic fibrosis patients compared to placebo .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The clinical research on this topic is ongoing. The results of the clinical trials are not yet available.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no research on the effectiveness of educational interventions on research integrity among researchers.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Antimicrobial treatments are not recommended for the prevention or treatment of pressure ulcers. However, antimicrobial treatments may be considered for the prevention of infection in deep tissue injury
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is evidence that psychological therapies are effective in treating PTSD and substance use disorder separately. However, there is insufficient evidence on the effectiveness
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral immunoglobulin in the prevention of necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm or low birth weight neonates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Surgical treatment for ACL injuries leads to better outcomes than conservative treatment.
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based) Acne scars are a common sequela of acne vulgaris and can be treated with a variety of interventions. The most effective interventions for treating acne scars
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Electrical stimulation with non-implanted devices is not well studied in the management of overactive bladder. The current evidence is limited to implanted devices.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Laronidase enzyme replacement therapy is effective for treating mucopolysaccharidosis type I. Laronidase is the only approved treatment for MPS I. It is a recom
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Physical exercise training improves physical fitness in children with cancer within the first five years of diagnosis.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic transhiatal oesophagectomy is associated with lower rates of postoperative complications, shorter hospital stay, and better quality of life than open transhi
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic gastrectomy is as effective as open gastrectomy for treating gastric cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioids for the relief of breathlessness in patients with advanced diseases. The current evidence is limited to a few small studies with conflicting results
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of brief educational interventions to improve contraceptive use among young people. However, there is evidence that educational interventions can improve contracept
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The current evidence does not support the surgical treatment of recurrent or refractory peptic ulcers. The use of medical treatment, including H2 receptor antagonists and proton pump inhibitors,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of melatonin to prevent fetal brain injury. However, there is some evidence that melatonin may be effective in reducing the risk of pre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial on Padma 28 for intermittent claudication. Therefore, we cannot say whether Padma 28 is effective or not. However, there are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether antiseptics or antibiotics improve healing in surgical wounds that are left open. The use of antiseptics or antibiotics in
REFUTED. Surgery is the standard treatment for resectable oesophageal cancer. The 5-year survival rate for patients undergoing surgery is 20–50%, depending on the stage of the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of vitamin A supplementation for postpartum women. The World Health Organization recommends vitamin A supplementation for pregnant women in areas
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Fitness training after stroke helps reduce disability. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 406 participants showed that fitness training after stroke can
SUPPORTED. (moderate). The combination of behavioral support with medication is more effective than minimal intervention or usual care in smoking cessation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antimicrobial dressings to reduce infections in newborns with central venous catheters. The Cochrane review by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of dietary advice on health outcomes for people with serious mental illness.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Aquatic exercise has been shown to be effective in reducing pain and disability in people with knee or hip osteoarthritis. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of memory rehabilitation in people with multiple sclerosis was conducted. The review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 studies and found no evidence that long-term antibiotic
SUPPORTED. Teriflunomide is an effective treatment for reducing relapses and disability progression in multiple sclerosis patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that a protocolized approach to weaning is effective in reducing the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Melatonin is effective as an add-on treatment for epilepsy. Melatonin has been shown to reduce seizure frequency in patients with epilepsy, particularly in those with noct
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ultrasound guidance for embryo transfer. The current evidence is conflicting and does not support the use of ultrasound guidance for emb
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Antimicrobial-impregnated central venous catheters reduce bloodstream infections in hospitalized patients. Antimicrobial-impregnated central venous
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend initiating cooling after hospital arrival. However, there is no evidence that initiating cooling before hospital arrival is harmful
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antifibrinolytics in people with haematological disorders. However, there is some evidence that tranexamic acid may be effective
EFFECTIVE: Yes, Chinese herbal medicine is effective for treating menopausal symptoms. The meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that Chinese herbal medicine was effective in improving the total score
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Multimorbidity is a complex and heterogeneous condition, and the effectiveness of interventions to manage multimorbidity varies depending on the specific combination of diseases, the characteristics of the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Entropy monitoring is a method of monitoring the depth of anaesthesia. It is based on the concept that the brain is a complex system that can be described by measuring the entropy of
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Therapist-supported Internet CBT is effective for treating anxiety disorders in adults. A meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that therapist-
SUPPORTED. (preventive effect of interventions on delirium)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research comparing the effectiveness of intravenous iloprost and aspirin for treating symptoms of Buerger's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness of osteoporosis treatment in people with beta
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Multicomponent interventions are effective for treating overweight or obesity in preschool children. A systematic review of 20 studies with 2,500 presch
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antihypertensive drugs to prevent sudden death in hypertensive individuals. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether antihypert
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The beta-1 selective blockers have been used in the treatment of hypertension, but the effect of beta-1 select
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of price subsidies for ACTs in improving their use and availability in private retail settings. However, there is evidence that price subsidies for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that the use of adhesive bonding improves the longevity of dental amalgam restorations. However, the use of adhesive bond
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The use of vascular closure devices (VCDs) is associated with a lower risk of bleeding complications than manual compression. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the frequency of endotracheal suctioning affects respiratory health in ventilated newborns.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Enzyme replacement therapy with galsulfase is effective for treating mucopolysaccharidosis type VI. The European Medicines Agency (EMA) approved galsulfase for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Vaccination is effective in preventing herpes zoster in older adults. The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) recommends the use of the herpes z
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of coenzyme Q10 to lower blood pressure in people with primary hypertension. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that co
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of weight loss medications to improve health outcomes in people with high blood pressure.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . A systematic review and meta-analysis of 13 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,724 participants showed that weight-reducing diets were associated
SUPPORTED. Ultrasonography is an accurate method for diagnosing cirrhosis in people with alcoholic liver disease. Ultrasonography is a non-invasive, inexpensive, and widely available imaging
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Compression therapy is effective in the treatment of venous leg ulcers. Interventions aimed at improving adherence to compression therapy can improve healing rates and reduce the recurrence of venous leg
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Anti-VEGF drugs are effective for treating retinopathy of prematurity in preterm infants. They can reduce the need for laser therapy and improve visual outcomes. However, there are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
RATIONALE: Antibiotics are effective in treating bacterial infections. However, they are not effective in treating viral infections. Therefore, the use of antibiotics in the treatment of viral infections may lead
SUPPORTED. There are several strategies that have been shown to be effective in recruiting participants for research studies. These include using a multimodal approach, involving community partners, using social media, and offering incentives.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that iron supplementation in children living in malaria-endemic areas increases the risk of malaria. The current research has shown that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no effective treatment for bisphosphonate-related osteonecrosis of the jaw. The treatment of bisphosphonate-related osteonecros
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of imaging tests to diagnose endometriosis without the need for surgery. The current evidence suggests that imaging tests, such as ultras
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of neuraminidase inhibitors in patients with cystic fibrosis is not recommended due to the lack of
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Physiotherapy interventions are effective in reducing pain and disability in people with complex regional pain syndrome.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) OTC artificial tears are effective for treating dry eye syndrome. OTC artificial tears are widely used to relieve the symptoms of dry eye syndrome. They are available in different formulations, including g
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Yttrium-90 microsphere trans-arterial radioembolisation is effective for treating unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma. Yttrium-90
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The Whipple operation and the pylorus-preserving pancreaticoduodenectomy are both effective for pancreatic cancer treatment. However, the pyl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that biphasic defibrillation is more effective
SUPPORTED. High flow nasal cannula is effective for respiratory support in preterm infants .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing general and regional anaesthesia for hip fracture repair found no difference
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that LASEK and PRK are both safe and effective in the treatment of my
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing paravertebral blockade with thoracic epid
SUPPORTED. Medication review by healthcare professionals improves health outcomes for hospitalized adult patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ultrasound guidance for nerve blocks in children. However, ultrasound guidance is recommended for peripheral nerve blocks in adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intra-uterine insemination in couples with unexplained subfertility. The current evidence is insufficient to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aspirin is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that has been used
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: B) Dexmedetomidine is effective in reducing the need for opioids in patients after abdominal surgery. A meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of multiple-micronutrient supplementation in breastfeeding mothers to improve health outcomes for mothers and infants. However, there is some evidence
SUPPORTED. Home-based end-of-life care can help more people die at home instead of in a hospital. A systematic review of 10 studies found that home-based end-of-life care can help
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research is focused on the effectiveness of systemic antibiotics in the treatment of acute pulpitis, but there is
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Rehabilitation interventions are effective after carpal tunnel surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of Haemophilus influenzae type b conjugate vaccines in reducing mortality and morbidity in people
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of folate supplementation in the treatment of sickle cell disease. However, folate deficiency is common in patients with sickle cell disease and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of one vasopressor over another in critically ill patients with shock. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized
REFUTED. The open retropubic colposuspension is not an effective treatment for urinary incontinence in women. The procedure is associated with a high risk of complications, including voiding dysfunction,
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Therapeutic hypothermia is associated with improved neurological outcomes in patients who have survived cardiac arrest.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that fibrin sealants can reduce the incidence of postoperative pancreatic fistula after pancreatic surgery. However, the use of f
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Continuous transcutaneous CO2 monitoring in newborns is not recommended in the current guidelines. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of continuous transcutaneous
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to reduce pain from rocuronium bromide injection. However, there are several studies that have investigated the effectiveness of various inter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Peripheral laser iridotomy is not recommended for the treatment of PDS and pigmentary glaucoma. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The combination of irinotecan with fluoropyrimidines is more effective than irinotecan alone for treating advanced colorectal cancer. The combination of irin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. End-of-life care pathways are designed to improve the quality of life for patients who are dying by providing a clear and consistent approach to care. However, the effectiveness of these pathways
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no research evidence on the effectiveness of interventions to improve prescribing for older people in care homes on health outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of steroid implants for the treatment of chronic non-infectious uveitis is not well established. The eff
SUPPORTED. (moderate) NSAIDs are more effective than placebo for treating chronic low back pain. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 2,56
SUPPORTED. Motor control exercise is effective for treating acute low back pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The ketogenic diet has been shown to be effective in reducing seizure frequency in people with epilepsy, particularly in children with drug-resistant epilepsy. The mechanism of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Antithrombin III is a serine protease inhibitor that inhibits thrombin, factor IXa, and factor XIa. It is used to prevent thrombosis in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
RANIBIZUMAB: The efficacy of ranibizumab in treating neovascular AMD has been demonstrated in several clinical trials. The MARINA study showed that ranibizumab 0.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that the use of glutamine supplementation in patients with Cro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that periodontal
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Exercise therapy is effective in reducing fatigue in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidants to improve symptoms or prevent relapse in people with schizophrenia. A recent systematic review and meta-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The safety of the retroperitoneal approach for abdominal aortic aneurysm repair is not clear. The
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Enzyme replacement therapy with idursulfase is effective for treating mucopolysaccharidosis type II. The European Medicines Agency (EMA) approved idursulfase
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of iron supplementation in addition to erythropoiesis-stimulating agents for chemotherapy-induced anemia.
EFFECTIVE: (supported) . Amphetamines are effective for treating ADHD in children and adolescents. Amphetamines are the most effective medication for treating ADHD in children and adolescents.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The evidence suggests that smoke-free laws are effective in reducing exposure to secondhand smoke in the general population and in the workplace. The evidence also suggests that smoke-free laws are associated with reduced
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of mindfulness-based interventions for patients with haematological m
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of primary prevention interventions in reducing unintended pregnancies among adolescents.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of pregabalin for chronic pancreatitis was conducted in
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2017 included 11 RCTs with 1002 inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research comparing the effectiveness of intravenous iloprost and aspirin for treating symptoms of Buerger's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that changing central venous access device dressings less frequently affects the risk of catheter-related infections.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tocolytics or different extraction methods to improve outcomes during difficult caesarean sections. However, the use of tocolytics is recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The retention phase is a critical stage in orthodontic treatment. It is essential to maintain the stability of the corrected occlusion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical emollients to prevent infections in preterm infants. However, there is evidence that topical emollients may help prevent
SUPPORTED. Surgery is more effective than non-surgical treatment for lumbar spinal stenosis .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The 2012 American College of Chest Physicians (ACCP) guidelines recommend a 5-mg loading dose for
REFUTED. There is no evidence that surgery is more effective than medical therapy for treating heavy menstrual bleeding. The choice of treatment should be based on the patient's preferences, the severity of her symptoms, and the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, beta-blockers are used in the treatment of heart failure in adults, but there is no evidence that they are effective in
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Smoking cessation advice is effective for people with serious mental illness.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of colchicine in the prevention of cardiovascular events in high-risk populations. The Colchicine Cardiovascular Outcomes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of breastfeeding or nipple stimulation to reduce postpartum hemorrhage during the third stage of labour. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of water precautions in children with ventilation tubes to prevent ear infections. The use of water precautions in children with ventilation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Inhaled NSAIDs are not recommended for the management of bronchiectasis in children and adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ACEIs or ARBs to prevent mortality and morbidity in adults undergoing surgery. However, there is evidence that ACE
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of tranexamic acid on blood loss during surgery for advanced ovarian cancer. However, there is evidence that tranexamic acid can reduce
SUPPORTED. Surgical hand antisepsis is effective in preventing surgical site infections in patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2013  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for arthritis in cystic fibrosis patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of LAMA/LABA combination in asthma. The use of LAMA/LABA combination in asthma is not recommended by the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of subcutaneous rapid-acting insulin analogues for treating diabetic ketoacidosis. However, there is evidence that subcutaneous
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bronchoscopy-guided antimicrobial therapy for managing lung infections in cystic fibrosis. However, bronchos
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of rHuEPO treatment in predialysis patients found
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Tricyclic drugs are not recommended for the treatment of bedwetting in children. However, the evidence is insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of different antibiotic regimens for treating Burkholderia cepacia complex infections in cystic fibrosis patients. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of washing red blood cells before transfusion in preterm infants. The current research on this topic is limited and the results are
EFFECTIVE: There is evidence that brief school-based interventions are effective in reducing adolescent substance use.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no significant benefit to the treatment being investigated. The use of the combination of aspirin and clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is associated with a higher risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of fissure sealants compared to fluoride varnishes for preventing dental caries in children and adolescents. The current evidence is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials comparing ivermectin and benzimidazoles for treating chronic strongylo
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Smoking cessation is associated with improved treatment outcomes in tuberculosis patients. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 12 studies found that smoking cessation was associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The combination of doxycycline and ivermectin is not recommended for treating onchocerciasis. The combination of doxycycline and ivermectin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 10 studies with 1,000 eyes showed that the addition of anti-VEGF agents to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes. The effect of vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy on mater
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of Chinese herbal medicine for unexplained recurrent miscarriage (2016) included
SUPPORTED. The Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) is a brief cognitive screening tool that was developed by Folstein et al. in 1975 . It is a 30-point question
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is no clear evidence that one chemotherapy regimen is more effective and less toxic than another for treating resistant or relapsed gestational trophoblastic neoplasia.
EFFECTIVE: The current evidence suggests that interventions for street-connected children and young people can effectively promote their inclusion and access to education.
SUPPORTED. (moderate evidence) Intensive glycaemic control improves the healing of foot ulcers in people with diabetes.
SUPPORTED. Increasing dietary fibre intake helps in preventing cardiovascular disease. The effect of dietary fibre on cardiovascular disease is supported by a large body of evidence from observational studies, randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016 compared the efficacy and safety of linezolid and vancomycin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research is not sufficient to determine whether the addition of intraperitoneal chemotherapy improves survival outcomes in ovarian
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Glutamine is a conditionally essential amino acid that plays a crucial role in maintaining gut integrity, immune function, and protein synthesis. Preterm infants are at risk of glut
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pre-employment examinations are not effective in preventing occupational injuries and diseases. However, they may be useful in identifying workers who are at high risk of occupational injuries and diseases and in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that there was no significant difference in the success rate
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines do not recommend interval debulking surgery for advanced ovarian cancer. However, the guidelines do not specifically
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of semi-recumbent positioning to prevent ventilator-associated pneumonia in mechanically ventilated adults. A recent systematic
SUPPORTED. Motor control exercise is effective for treating chronic low back pain. Motor control exercise is a type of exercise that focuses on improving the motor control of the trunk muscles. It has been shown to be effective in reducing pain and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that pre-emptive correction of AV access stenosis improves patient outcomes. The current evidence is conflicting and does not support the superiority
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 700
SUPPORTED. Exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation improves health outcomes for patients with coronary heart disease. Exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation is a combination of physical exercise, education, and psychological support for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that omega-3 supplementation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
RELIABLE: (supported). Surgery is effective for managing intestinal obstruction in patients with advanced gynaecological and gastrointestinal cancer.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no evidence that statins prevent dementia in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The systematic review by Al-Shaibani et al. (2019)  included 10 studies and found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The best method for surgically excising non-palpable breast lesions is still controversial.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The serum galactomannan test is effective for diagnosing invasive aspergillosis in immunocompromised patients. The serum galactomannan test is
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of social norms interventions in reducing alcohol misuse among college students.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that oxygen therapy is effective in treating migraine and cluster headaches. The use of oxygen therapy for the treatment of migraine and cluster headaches is not supported by the current clinical research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antifibrinolytic agents to prevent bleeding complications in people with bleeding disorders undergoing dental procedures.
EFFECTIVE: YES . Topiramate is effective for treating juvenile myoclonic epilepsy .
SUPPORTED. (Epilepsy is a neurological disorder characterized by recurrent seizures. It is estimated that 1% of the world's population has epilepsy, and 80% of people
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral cryotherapy to prevent oral mucositis in cancer patients undergoing treatment. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics in preventing urinary tract infections. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The use of urinary biomarkers for diagnosing endometriosis is not well established. The most promising biomarkers are CA125 and endometriosis
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Probiotics are live microorganisms that may help prevent antibiotic-associated diarrhea in children. The use of probiotics in children with antibiotic-
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Pre-operative iron therapy reduces the need for blood transfusions in anaemic patients undergoing surgery.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current treatment options for central serous chorioretinopathy (CSCR) include photodynamic therapy (PDT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that nicotine replacement therapy is effective for smoking cessation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions for treating psychotic symptoms in people with epilepsy. The current research has not provided enough information to determine whether these interventions improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fetal ECG waveform analysis is not a method of fetal monitoring. It is a method of fetal assessment. There is no evidence that fetal ECG waveform analysis impro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al. 2017 1 summarized the results of 10 studies on nurse
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of 'as required' medication regimens in treating psychotic symptoms compared to regular medication patterns. However, there is evidence that 'as required'
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Chest physiotherapy is effective for improving mucus clearance in cystic fibrosis. Chest physiotherapy is a combination of postural drainage, percussion,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that planned caesarean section improves outcomes for mothers and babies in twin pregnancies. The optimal mode of delivery for twin pregnancies remains controversial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of low-molecular-weight heparins in the management of vaso-occlusive crises in sickle cell disease. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . Myo-inositol supplementation is not effective in preventing gestational diabetes during pregnancy. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of myo-inositol supplementation in preventing gest
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that any treatment is effective in preventing or reversing ankylosis of permanent front teeth. However, there are some case reports and case series that report successful treatment of an
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of recombinant factor VIIa concentrate in the treatment of acute bleeding in people with haemophilia and inhib
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The results of the GOG-172 trial showed that the addition of carboplatin and paclitaxel to maintenance therapy with azathioprine and methotrex
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of incentives in increasing timely prenatal care utilization among women. However, there is evidence that incentives can increase the number of pre
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Helicopter emergency medical services transport is associated with improved survival for adults with major trauma compared to ground emergency medical services transport.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review of the literature found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the effectiveness of home intravenous
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Extracorporeal photopheresis is a treatment option for chronic GVHD in children and adolescents. However, the evidence is limited to small case series and case reports.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Extracorporeal photopheresis is a treatment option for acute graft-versus-host disease in children and adolescents after stem cell transplantation. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Non-pharmacological interventions such as cognitive behavioral therapy, exercise, and mindfulness-based interventions have been found to be effective in reducing depression symptoms in individuals with traum
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Periconceptional folate supplementation reduces the risk of neural tube defects . The evidence is based on a systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that found a
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Magnesium sulphate is effective and safe as a tocolytic therapy during pregnancy. Magnesium sulphate is the most commonly used tocolytic agent in the United
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of ascorbic acid treatment on symptoms of Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The second trimester markers are not more accurate than first trimester markers. The second trimester markers are not recommended for screening for Down's syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of alternative routes of short-term bladder catheterisation compared to indwelling urethral catheters. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Losigamone is a novel antiepileptic drug that is currently undergoing clinical trials. There is currently insufficient information on the efficacy of losigamone in improving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of magnification devices in endodontic treatment. However, the use of magnification devices is recommended in endodontic treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of levonorgestrel intrauterine system to prevent endometrial problems in women taking tamoxifen for breast cancer. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral corticosteroids in the treatment of cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence to support the use of oral cortic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Amiodarone is effective in reducing the risk of sudden cardiac death in high-risk patients. Amiodarone is a class III antiarrhythmic agent that has been shown
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 RCTs with 1,19
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of knee orthoses in the treatment of patellofemoral pain syndrome. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence of the effectiveness
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. EEG is not recommended in children with simple febrile seizures. However, EEG is recommended in children with complex febrile seizures to rule out non-convuls
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Low tidal volume ventilation during surgery reduces postoperative complications.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (supported)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The direct oral anticoagulants (DOACs) are effective for the long-term treatment of pulmonary embol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Subpial transection surgery is a surgical procedure that involves removing a small amount of brain tissue from the surface of the brain. It is used to treat patients with medically refract
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that crisis intervention is effective in reducing suicidal behavior and depression in patients with mental illness.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of leukoreduction of packed red blood cells to prevent adverse reactions in patients receiving blood transfusions. The current evidence is conflicting
REFUTED: There is no evidence that corticosteroids reduce mortality in patients with sepsis. The CORTICUS study showed that corticosteroids did not improve mortality in patients with sepsis .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct comparison between mycophenolic acid and azathioprine in kidney transplant patients. However, there are studies comparing mycophenolic acid with azathiop
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of advocacy interventions in helping women who have experienced intimate partner abuse.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of non-pharmacological interventions in managing acute pain in infants and young children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Etrolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to the αEβ7 integrin, which is expressed on a subset of T cells and on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of one lipid emulsion over another in terms of safety and efficacy in preterm infants. The choice of lipid emulsion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of platelet transfusions before central line insertion in patients with low platelet counts. The current literature is limited to case reports
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of molecularly targeted therapies and immunotherapies in the treatment of oral cavity or oropharyngeal cancers. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of devices used with trabeculectomy to improve intraocular pressure control in glaucoma patients. The use of devices with trab
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Zuclopenthixol is effective in treating schizophrenia compared to a placebo . The efficacy of zuclopenthixol in treating schizophrenia is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of centrally acting pharmacological agents to improve chronic cognitive impairment after traumatic brain injury. The current evidence is limited to small
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Health system and community interventions have been shown to improve antenatal care coverage and perinatal health outcomes. A systematic review of 12 studies found that community-based interventions, including
SUPPORTED. Imaging tests are effective in diagnosing glaucoma by detecting nerve damage. Optical coherence tomography (OCT) and visual field tests are the most commonly used imaging tests in diagn
SUPPORTED. The combined first trimester serum markers are more accurate for detecting Down's syndrome than single markers. The combined markers include maternal serum free beta-subunit of human chor
REFUTED. Antihistamines are not effective in treating the common cold .
SUPPORTED. Decision aids are effective in improving the informed consent process for clinical trials. Decision aids are tools designed to help patients make informed decisions about their healthcare options. They typically include information about the condition, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Congenital diaphragmatic hernia (CDH) is a rare congenital anomaly that occurs in 1 in 2500 live births. It is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of DHEA or testosterone in women undergoing assisted reproduction. The current evidence is limited to small, single-center, ret
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  compared total thyroidectomy with subtotal thyroidectomy for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of biochemical tests of placental function in improving pregnancy outcomes for mothers and their babies.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kook et al.  compared the outcomes of fornix-based and limbal-
SUPPORTED. Methylphenidate is effective in reducing the symptoms of ADHD in children and adolescents .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is insufficient evidence to determine whether expectant management or immediate delivery is the best
SUPPORTED. Asenapine is effective in the treatment of schizophrenia . The efficacy of asenapine was demonstrated in two 6-week, randomized, double-blind, place
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. External root resorption is a physiologic process that occurs during tooth eruption and is self-limiting. There is no evidence that any intervention can stop or reverse this
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of different surgical methods for treating complete rectal prolapse. The choice of surgical method should be based on the patient's condition and the
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Anti-TNF agents are effective and safe for treating paediatric psoriasis. The use of anti-TNF agents in paediatric psoriasis is supported
SUPPORTED. Early developmental intervention programmes improve cognitive and motor outcomes in preterm infants .
SUPPORTED. Liposomal amphotericin B is safer for kidney function compared to conventional amphotericin B. Liposomal amphotericin B is less nephrotoxic
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of long-acting beta2-agonists (LABA) in combination with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) is recommended as a step-up treatment option in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aminophylline in patients with bradyasystolic cardiac arrest. Aminophylline is a xanthine derivative that
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that airway clearance techniques improve health-related quality of life in individuals with bronchiectasis. However, there is also no evidence that airway clearance techniques w
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of heparin over normal saline for preventing occlusion in long-term central venous catheters in infants and children. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of one embryo culture medium over another in IVF or ICSI treatments. The choice of culture medium is often based on the manufacturer's
SUPPORTED. In vitro fertilisation (IVF) is more effective than other fertility treatments in improving pregnancy outcomes. The success rate of IVF is higher than other fertility treatments, such as intrauterine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vigabatrin is an effective and safe treatment for epilepsy compared to carbamazepine. However, there is insufficient evidence to support this statement. Vigabatrin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend routine use of cricoid pressure during endotracheal intubation. However, the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of different platelet transfusion thresholds to reduce the risk of bleeding in patients undergoing chemotherapy or stem cell transplantation. The
SUPPORTED. (evidence). There is evidence that interventions such as self-management education, self-management support, and self-management interventions can improve treatment adherence in adults with bronchiectasis.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that changing the intake of omega 6 fatty acids affects the risk of cardiovascular disease.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Trichiasis surgery improves vision in people living in endemic settings. Trichiasis surgery is the only effective intervention for preventing vision loss from trichiasis. The evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the superiority of surgery over observation for managing stable abdominal trauma without peritonitis. The choice of treatment should be based on the patient's
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intrathecal baclofen is an effective treatment for spasticity in children with cerebral palsy. Intrathecal baclofen is a safe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that prone ventilation improves survival rates in patients with severe acute respiratory failure. However, there is evidence that prone ventilation improves oxygenation in
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Cannabis-based medications are effective for treating nausea and vomiting caused by chemotherapy in adults.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Vitamin D supplementation is recommended for children with CKD to prevent rickets and promote bone health.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of interventions that promote shared decision making to reduce antibiotic prescribing for acute resp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether a single-dose antibiotic treatment for asymptomatic bacteriuria in pregnant women is as effective as longer treatments.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Surgery provides better outcomes than non-surgical treatment for proximal humeral fractures . This is supported by a systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cervical ripening agents for non-viable pregnancies in the first trimester. The use of cervical ripen
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that immunosuppressive drugs prevent graft rejection in cystic fibrosis patients after lung transplantation. However, there is also no evidence that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiviral treatments in Bell's palsy. The Cochrane systematic review of antiviral treatment for Bell's pals
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Robot-assisted arm training improves upper limb function after stroke .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-adhesion therapies to improve reproductive outcomes in subfertile women after operative hysteroscopy. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine the effectiveness and safety of oral or sublingual immunotherapy for treating fruit allergies.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 RCTs including 2,465 women undergoing 2,8
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Infectious mononucleosis is a self-limiting disease and the majority of patients recover without treatment. However, in severe cases, antiviral drugs and steroids may be
SUPPORTED. Light therapy is effective in preventing seasonal affective disorder .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nitroglycerin in the management of retained placenta. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. A randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nitrous oxide-based anaesthesia over nitrous oxide-free anaesthesia in adults undergoing surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether 'specialised' antenatal clinics improve health outcomes for women with multiple pregnancies compared to 'standard' antenatal care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no standardized treatment for KCOT. The treatment of KCOT is challenging due to its high recurrence rate. The treatment options include surgical excision, enucle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2010  compared the efficacy of mitomycin C and 5-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of micro-invasive treatments for managing proximal caries lesions is still controversial. Some studies have shown that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the association between periodontal therapy and glycaemic control in people with diabetes mellitus. The current evidence is limited by the small sample size
REFUTED. The current evidence does not support the superiority of laparoscopic fundoplication over medical treatment for gastro-oesophageal reflux disease. However, laparoscopic fund
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Exercise training is effective for improving health-related quality of life in people with non-malignant dust-related respiratory diseases.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Pharmacological interventions are effective for treating unilateral spatial neglect after stroke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ethanol in stopping preterm labor and preventing preterm birth. The use of ethanol in preterm labor is not recommended due to
REFUTED. The use of IL-2 as maintenance therapy for patients with acute myeloid leukaemia in first complete remission is not supported by the current clinical research. A randomized phase III trial (
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Multifetal reduction is not a viable option for managing multiple pregnancies. The procedure is not recommended due to the lack of evidence on its safety and effectiveness.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids in the treatment of major depressive disorder in adults. However, the evidence is promising
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Pelvic floor muscle training (PFMT) is effective in the treatment of urinary incontinence. PFMT is a safe and cost-effective treatment option for urinary incontinence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Levomepromazine is a first-generation antipsychotic drug that has been used to treat nausea and vomiting in the past. However, there is currently insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The cost-effectiveness of cataract surgery has been studied in several studies, but the studies have not compared the cost-effect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that haloperidol was not effective in reducing nause
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of sleep positioning systems to reduce hip migration in children with cerebral palsy. The use of such devices is not recommended due to the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chest shielding during phototherapy to prevent significant PDA in preterm infants. The current evidence is limited to one randomized controlled trial that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ICP monitoring in severe coma to reduce the risk of death or severe disability. However, there is also insufficient evidence to refute this
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of combination susceptibility testing to guide antibiotic therapy for acute pulmonary exacerbations in cystic fibrosis. A
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Multiple-micronutrient supplementation during pregnancy has been shown to improve health outcomes for mothers and infants. A Cochrane review of 11 trials with 35,
SUPPORTED. Structured telephone support and home telemonitoring improve outcomes for people with heart failure .
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Azathioprine is effective for maintaining remission in quiescent Crohn's disease. The efficacy of azathioprine in maintaining remission in quiescent Cro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. The Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) is a brief screening tool for cognitive impairment, and it has been validated for use in diagnosing dementia. It is a 30
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Endoanal ultrasound is not routinely used to detect obstetric anal sphincter injuries after vaginal birth. The evidence is insufficient to determine whether endoanal ultras
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. Rocuronium is not as effective as succinylcholine for intubation during emergencies. Succinylcholine is the preferred choice for rapid sequence intubation. Rocuron
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The PPAR-γ agonists pioglitazone and rosiglitazone have been studied in patients with stroke
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of sodium bicarbonate, sodium polystyrene sulfonate, calcium polystyrene sulfonate, patiromer, and sod
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sulthiame is not recommended for the treatment of epilepsy. Sulthiame is no longer used in the treatment of epilepsy due to its adverse effects and the availability
SUPPORTED. Lithium is an effective treatment for schizophrenia when used alone or with antipsychotics. Lithium is effective in reducing the risk of relapse in patients with schizophren
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of specialist neonatal transport teams in reducing the risk of mortality and morbidity in high-risk newborns. However, there
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 studies (10 non-RCTs and 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal platelet transfusion threshold for patients undergoing chemotherapy is still controversial. The transfusion threshold is determined by the
SUPPORTED: (yes) . Vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy has been shown to improve maternal and newborn health outcomes. Vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy has been shown to reduce maternal and neonatal mort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of behavioral and pharmacologic interventions to help people quit smokeless tobacco.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of oral budesonide for induction of remission in patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical corticosteroids during pregnancy. However, the use of systemic corticosteroids during pregnancy is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Fibrates are effective for preventing serious vascular events in people with a history of cardiovascular disease. Fibrates are a class of lipid-lowering drugs that work by inhib
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic oral/topical non-absorbed antifungal therapy to reduce the risk of invasive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of prophylactic systemic antifungal therapy in very preterm or very low birth weight infants. A Cochr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. Laser photocoagulation of drusen does not reduce the risk of developing choroidal neovascularization in age-related macular degeneration. The Early Treatment Diabetic Retin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of a long-acting beta2-agonist (LABA) or a long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LAMA) is recommended for COPD
SUPPORTED. Intra-articular corticosteroids provide significant benefits for knee osteoarthritis compared to no treatment. Intra-articular corticosteroid injections are effective in reducing pain and improving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a risk-screening tool to predict preterm birth in reducing its incidence. The use of risk-screening tools may help identify women
SUPPORTED. Interventions to improve water quality can help prevent diarrhoea. The systematic review by Waddington et al. 2011  showed that water quality interventions reduced the risk of diarrho
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review published in 2015  included 11 studies (n = 626) that examined the effects of
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Brief cognitive behavioural therapy is effective for people with schizophrenia .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Stiripentol is a potent inhibitor of voltage-gated sodium channels and is used as an add-on treatment for focal refractory epilepsy. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of wound drains after breast surgery is a controversial topic. Some studies have suggested that drains may help to reduce the risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of sodium channel blockers to prevent disability in people with multiple sclerosis. The use of sodium channel blockers in multiple scl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of plerixafor in patients with malignant lymphoma or multiple myeloma. However, there is evidence that plerixafor
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the effectiveness and safety of cytotoxic chemotherapy for elderly patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer. The effectiveness of chemotherapy for elderly patients with advanced non
SUPPORTED. Milnacipran is effective for reducing pain in fibromyalgia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Stiripentol is not approved by the FDA for the treatment of infantile spasms. There is currently no published clinical trial on the efficacy of stiripentol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the routine use of intermittent iron supplementation during
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of interventions to relieve symptoms of varicose veins and leg oedema during pregnancy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  included 10 RCTs with 1001
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that slowly advancing enteral feed volumes reduces the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or VLBW infants
EFFECTIVE: Acupuncture is effective for relieving cancer-related pain in adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fetal movement counting is a method used to monitor the well-being of the fetus during pregnancy. It is based on the assumption that fetal movements are a sign of fetal activity
SUPPORTED. Tonsillectomy with or without adenoidectomy is beneficial for children with obstructive sleep-disordered breathing . Tonsillectomy with or without adenoidectomy is the most
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the claim that giving women their own case notes during pregnancy improves their care experience. However, there is some evidence that it may improve patient satisfaction and patient-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The common cold is a viral infection and corticosteroids are not effective against viruses. However, corticosteroids may be used to treat the inflammatory symptoms of the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials comparing single-dose oral analgesics with placebo for acute postoperative pain
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of responsive feeding to improve growth and satisfaction in preterm infants compared to scheduled feeding.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The lactational amenorrhoea method (LAM) is a contraceptive method that relies on the natural postpartum amenorrhea and breastfeeding-ind
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is evidence that behavioral support increases smoking cessation success rates for those using medications. However, there is no evidence that increasing the intensity
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cordyceps is a traditional Chinese medicine that has been used for centuries to treat various ailments. However, there is currently insufficient evidence to support the use of Cordyceps
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the efficacy of antiepileptic drugs in neurocysticercosis is currently underway.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the timing and technique of maternal pushing during labor affect maternal and fetal outcomes. The current research does not provide enough information to support or refute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Laser photocoagulation therapy is a treatment for diabetic retinopathy, but there is insufficient evidence to support its use in treating retinopathy related to sickle cell
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2018 included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aromatase inhibitors in improving height outcomes in male children and adolescents with short stature. Aromatase inhibitors have been
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions help reduce subjective fatigue in people with Parkinson's disease.
SUPPORTED. Constraint-induced movement therapy (CIMT) is a rehabilitation technique that involves the use of a constraint to limit the use of the unaffected limb, while the affected limb is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that interventions for hidradenitis suppurativa improve quality of life. The current literature is limited to small studies with a low level of evidence. Further research is
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of percutaneous central venous catheters for parenteral nutrition in hospitalized neonates. The use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of citrate salts for the prevention and treatment of calcium-containing kidney stones. The current evidence is limited to small randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological interventions to improve sleep quality in critically ill adults in the ICU.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear optimal red blood cell transfusion strategy for patients with myelodysplasia and related disorders. The decision to transfuse patients with myelodysplasia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of NSAIDs for the treatment of chronic neuropathic pain is not recommended due to the lack of effic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preoperative inspiratory muscle training to reduce the risk of postoperative pulmonary complications in adults undergoing surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) High-dose chemotherapy with stem cell rescue improves survival in children with high-risk neuroblastoma compared to conventional therapy . The Children's Oncology Group (CO
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current study showed that the use of parasympathomimetic drugs for the treatment of radiation-induced salivary g
SUPPORTED. (evidence). PCR-based testing is effective for diagnosing invasive aspergillosis in immunocompromised patients. The use of PCR-based testing for the diagnosis of invasive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness and safety of spinal surgery for patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy and scoliosis. However, there are case reports
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that newborn screening for homocystinuria provides clinical benefits compared to later diagnosis. The benefits of newborn screening for homocystin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of exercise to reduce low-back and pelvic pain during pregnancy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The efficacy of buprenorphine for chronic neuropathic pain in adults is not well established. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct comparison between cyclophosphamide and ifosfamide in the treatment of sarcoma in children and young adults. However, there is evidence that ifosf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of glycerin laxatives for preventing feeding intolerance in very low birth weight infants. However, there is a lack of research
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The safety and efficacy of autologous adult bone marrow stem cell therapy for treating acute myocardial infar
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Thrombolytic therapy improves outcomes for patients with acute pulmonary embolism.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preoperative imaging to improve the success of arteriovenous fistula creation for haemodialysis. However, preoper
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of home-based specimen collection for managing Chlamydia and Gonorrhea infections. However, there is evidence that home-based
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of cervical treatment for CIN on fertility and early pregnancy outcomes. However, there is a lack of research on this topic.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Pentoxifylline improves walking capacity in individuals with intermittent claudication. Pentoxifylline is a phosphodiesterase inhibitor that increases blood flow
LABEL: SUPPORTED. ¹²³I-MIBG scintigraphy is effective for detecting neuroblastoma in children. ¹²³I-MIBG scintigraphy is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral single dose analgesics are effective for managing acute postoperative pain in adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sedation and general anaesthesia are both safe and effective for dental treatment in children. The choice of the method depends on the type of treatment, the child’s age, and
SUPPORTED. . The evidence from clinical trials and cohort studies suggests that nut consumption is associated with a reduced risk of cardiovascular disease. A meta-analysis of 11 cohort studies found that nut consumption
ANSWER: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pulse oximeters for managing asthma attacks. Asthma action plans are the standard of care for managing asthma attacks.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antimicrobial-impregnated central venous catheters to prevent bloodstream infections in newborn infants. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotic prophylaxis to prevent lower respiratory tract infections in high-risk children under 12. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of endovascular repair over open surgery for blunt thoracic aortic injury. The choice of treatment should be based on the patient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend the use of calcium channel blockers for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypert
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at enhancing return-to-work in cancer patients. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of interventions aimed at
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Warden et al. 2015 1 showed that there is no evidence of the effectiveness of re
EFFECTIVE: Tapentadol is effective for relieving cancer pain in adults. Tapentadol is a centrally acting analgesic that is used to treat moderate to severe pain in adults. It is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence in the literature that crowns perform better than conventional fillings for restoring root-filled teeth. The choice of restoration should be based on the clinical situation and the preference
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend the use of endovascular stent grafts for the treatment of thoracic aortic an
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bracing in patients with metastatic spinal cord compression. However, bracing is often used to reduce the risk of further neurolog
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the use of clozapine for the treatment of psychosis in adults with intellectual disability found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Biologic therapy improves the quality of life for patients with ulcerative colitis. The quality of life is improved in patients with ulcerative colitis who are treated with bi
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Rivastigmine is effective for treating Alzheimer's disease. Rivastigmine is a reversible acetylcholinesterase and butyrylchol
SUPPORTED. Tiotropium is more effective than ipratropium bromide for improving outcomes in patients with COPD. Tiotropium is a long-acting muscarinic antagonist (LA
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The role of vitamin K in cardiovascular disease is still controversial. Some studies have suggested that vitamin K may play a role in preventing cardiovascular disease, but the evidence is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of screening for thyroid dysfunction during pregnancy in improving maternal and infant health outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of NSAIDs for the treatment of the common cold. The common cold is a viral infection and NSAIDs are not effective in treating vir
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacological methods to reduce pain during hysterosalpingography. However, non-pharmacological methods such as local anest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Heliox inhalation therapy is not recommended for infants with acute bronchiolitis.
SUPPORTED. Consultation liaison psychiatry (CLP) is a form of mental health care that involves providing consultation and liaison services to other health care professionals and their patients. It is a specialized form of mental
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018  included 11 studies with a total of 316 participants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of branched-chain amino acids for the treatment of hepatic encephalopathy. A systematic review of randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that rutosides were effective in reducing the symptoms of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of macrolides in the management of chronic asthma symptoms. However, there is some evidence that macrolides may be effective in treating ac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best method for treating tibial plateau fractures. The treatment of tibial plateau fractures is challenging and depends on the type of fracture, the degree
SUPPORTED. Midwife-led continuity models of care are more effective than other models for childbearing women and their infants. (The Cochrane Library, 2017)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ultrasonography is a useful tool for the assessment of blunt abdominal trauma. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of ultrasonography in trauma assessment to
SUPPORTED. (Yes, larger portion sizes lead to increased consumption of food and drinks).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of type I interferon therapy for induction of remission in
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Treadmill training improves gait in patients with Parkinson's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antenatal CTG for improving outcomes for mothers and babies during and after pregnancy. The use of CTG during pregnancy is not supported by the current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of bacterial meningitis. However, the use of corticosteroids in bacterial meningitis
SUPPORTED: (yes) . Ultrasound guidance for peripheral nerve blocks improves success rates and reduces complications compared to other methods. Ultrasound guidance for peripheral nerve blocks is the preferred method for improving success rates
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Unconditional cash transfers have been shown to improve health services and outcomes in low- and middle-income countries. A systematic review of 11 studies in low- and middle
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise therapy can reduce fatigue in people with multiple sclerosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific dressing or securement device to reduce the risk of infections in central venous catheters. The current evidence is conflicting and
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of non-pharmacological interventions for treating epilepsy in people with intellectual disabilities. The current research has focused on the effectiveness of non
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of virtual reality surgical simulation over conventional training methods in terms of surgical outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intravitreal steroids are used to treat macular edema in central retinal vein occlusion. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Desmopressin acetate is not routinely used to prevent or treat bleeding during pregnancy in women with congenital bleeding disorders. However, there is limited evidence from case reports
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that polyclonal immunoglobulins are effective in preventing rubella after exposure. The only way to prevent rubella is vaccination.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support or refute this hypothesis. The relationship between hand washing and diarrhoea is complex and multifactorial. While hand washing can reduce the spread of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of transcatheter device closure for preventing recurrent stroke in people with patent foramen ovale is still controversial.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Symphysis fundal height measurement is not a reliable method for detecting abnormal fetal growth. However, it is a simple and inexpensive method that can be used to monitor fet
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Tubal sterilisation is a safe and effective method of contraception. It is a permanent method of contraception and is highly effective in preventing pregnancy. It is a minor surg
SUPPORTED. (evidence). PCR-based testing is effective for diagnosing invasive aspergillosis in immunocompromised patients. The use of PCR-based testing for the diagnosis of invasive
SUPPORTED. Interactive telemedicine is effective as an alternative to usual care .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on vitamin E supplementation in pregnancy found no clear evidence of benefit or harm of vitamin E supplement
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . There is evidence that standardized formal neonatal resuscitation training programs reduce neonatal mortality and morbidity. The Neonatal Resuscitation Program (NRP)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED: (yes) . Radiotherapy, surgery, and corticosteroids are effective treatment options for metastatic extradural spinal cord compression .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effect of fluoridated milk on dental caries prevention in children is not clear. A systematic review of the literature on the effect of fluoridated milk on dental caries
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical research) Antenatal anti-D immunoglobulin reduces the risk of Rhesus D alloimmunisation in Rh-negative women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of beta2-agonists in the treatment of acute bronchitis. The use of beta2-agonists in acute bronchitis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of material incentives to improve adherence to tuberculosis treatment. However, there is some evidence that non-material incentives, such
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antiepileptic drugs are effective in reducing seizure frequency in people with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of pressure-relieving support surfaces has been shown to reduce the incidence of pressure ulcers in high-risk patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that different types of parenteral fluids affect the risk of death or dependence after a stroke. The current research has not been able to provide
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Massage therapy is effective for treating non-specific low-back pain. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,604 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kwok et al. 2019  summarized the evidence of telerehabilitation for people
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. (evidence level: B). Topical clonidine is effective in reducing pain in patients with chronic neuropathic pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effect of fluoridated milk on dental caries prevention in children is not clear. A systematic review of the literature on the effect of fluoridated milk on dental caries
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Immunosuppressants are effective in preventing corneal graft rejection after keratoplasty.
REFUTED. The use of combined oral contraceptives (COCs) is associated with a small increase in the risk of myocardial infarction (MI) and ischemic stroke. The absolute risk
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dual alpha and beta blockers in lowering blood pressure in patients with primary hypertension. The use of dual alpha and beta blockers in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend non-operative management for patients with high-grade blunt hepatic injury. However, the guidelines are
RELIABLE: (supported) . A short course of antibiotics is effective for treating hospital-acquired pneumonia in critically ill adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The current research does not provide sufficient information to answer this question. The Cochrane review on this topic published in 2019 included 11 RCTs with 1
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of long-acting muscarinic antagonists (LAMAs) in combination with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) has been shown to improve asth
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Dhaliwal et al. 2017  compared complex interventions with single interventions for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of sacral nerve stimulation for faecal incontinence in adults showed that the evidence is of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
RELIABLE: (supported) . Exogenous surfactant administration reduces mortality and ventilation duration in infants with bronchiolitis. Exogenous surfactant administration is effective in reducing mortality and ventilation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of venlafaxine for chronic neuropathic pain in
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vaccination is not effective in reducing infections caused by Pseudomonas aeruginosa in cystic fibrosis. The only vaccine that has been tested in clinical trials for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Treadmill training improves gait in patients with Parkinson's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,039 patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that the efficacy of direct-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that TENS may be effective for treating phantom pain and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that topical imiquimod was effective in treating high-
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Glucocorticoid therapy for childhood ALL commonly leads to adrenal insufficiency after treatment. Glucocorticoid therapy is a cornerstone of treatment for childhood acute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  compared the effects of home-based and centre-based cardiac rehabilitation
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that hormonal and intrauterine contraceptives have different failure and continuation rates in young women under 25.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of any specific treatment for breast abscesses in breastfeeding women. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. The most
LABEL: SUPPORTED. 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1100 participants were included in the meta-analysis. The results showed that carbamazepine was more effective than
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of corticosteroids in acute optic neuritis is still controversial. A Cochrane review published in 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic of multiple risk factor interventions for the prevention of cardiovascular diseases in low- and middle
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based practice) Peripheral IV catheters should be replaced only when clinically indicated rather than routinely. The routine replacement of peripheral IV catheters is not recommended. The routine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment for fractures of the distal femur in adults. The treatment of distal femur fractures is challenging due to the complex anatomy of the dist
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Listening to music can improve sleep quality in adults with insomnia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prolonged antibiotic therapy in patients with bronchiectasis. The optimal duration of antibiotic therapy for acute exacerbations
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Iron deficiency anaemia is a common condition in postpartum women. The current research has not found a clear effective treatment for postpartum iron deficiency anaemia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is a trend towards a beneficial effect of preoperative statin therapy on outcomes for patients undergoing cardiac surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that regional anaesthesia improves long-term functional outcomes after major joint replacement surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of silver-coated endotracheal tubes in reducing the risk of ventilator-associated pneumonia. A systematic review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of systematic preconception genetic risk assessment for carriers of certain genetic disorders. The current research is limited to the use of preconception genetic testing
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, vaginal hysterectomy is a safe and effective procedure for benign gynecological conditions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of binocular treatments in children with amblyopia. The current research has not provided enough information to determine whether binocular treatments are effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Methotrexate is not recommended for maintenance of remission in ulcerative colitis. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of methotre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether any interventions are effective for treating leg cramps in pregnancy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the use of antiepileptic drugs to prevent post-traumatic epilepsy after a head injury. The use of antiepileptic
REFUTED. There is no safer method for removing the laryngeal mask airway during general anaesthesia. The best method is to remove the laryngeal mask airway after the patient is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Fumaric acid esters are used in the treatment of psoriasis, but the efficacy of these drugs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. α-2 agonists are used to prevent shivering after general anaesthesia. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of α-2 agon
SUPPORTED. Voxel-based morphometry (VBM) is a neuroimaging technique that allows for the identification of subtle changes in brain structure, even in the absence of gross anatomical abnormalities. It
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral antiviral agents for the prevention of cold sores. However, there is some evidence that suggests that oral antiviral agents may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
REFUTED. The use of anti-VEGF treatment does not help reduce postoperative vitreous cavity hemorrhage after vitrectomy for diabetic retinopathy. The use of anti-VEGF
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Idiopathic intracranial hypertension (IIH) is a rare neurological disorder characterized by raised intracranial pressure (ICP) with normal cerebrosp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of vector control interventions in reducing the incidence of cutaneous le
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intravenous in-line filters are commonly used in neonatal intensive care units to prevent the clogging of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in the remission rate of ul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that providing high feedback during prenatal ultrasound reduces maternal anxiety more than low feedback.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of financial incentives for prescribers in improving healthcare outcomes and reducing costs. However, there is evidence that financial incentives for prescribers can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the use of immunosuppression in the treatment of IgA nephropathy. The use of immun
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Platinum-based chemotherapy regimens are more effective than non-platinum regimens for treating small cell lung cancer. The results of a meta-analysis of 11 random
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Ibuprofen is effective for treating acute tension-type headaches in adults. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Tobacco cessation interventions are effective for waterpipe users. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that behavioral interventions for
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous antibiotics for the treatment of pulmonary exacerbations in cystic fibrosis. However, the use
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The efficacy of combination therapy with antidepressant and antipsychotic is superior to either treatment alone for treating psychotic depression. The Cochrane review of 11
SUPPORTED. (evidence). NSAIDs are effective for treating primary dysmenorrhoea . The efficacy of NSAIDs in treating primary dysmenorrhoea has been demonstrated in several clinical trials. A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mucolytics to reduce the frequency of exacerbations in patients with chronic bronchitis or COPD. A systematic review of randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Endoscopic third ventriculostomy is not a standard treatment for idiopathic normal pressure hydrocephalus. The current evidence is insufficient to support the effectiveness of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Flail chest is a condition in which two or more consecutive ribs are fractured, resulting in paradoxical chest movement during breathing. The treatment of flail chest is controversial, with some
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Propofol is effective and safe for procedural sedation in the emergency department compared to other drugs. Propofol is a safe and effective sedative for procedural sedation in the emergency
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific intervention to reduce pain during intrauterine contraception insertion. However, the use of local anesthetic agents, such
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that starting external cephalic version before 37 weeks helps reduce breech presentations at birth. The current research does not provide enough information
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of educational interventions for postpartum women in improving contraceptive use. However, educational interventions can be effective in increasing the knowledge of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of antibiotics to prevent UTIs
SUPPORTED. Abortion is a safe procedure and can be performed by mid-level providers. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends that abortion services be provided by mid-level providers, such as nurses and midw
SUPPORTED. Mepolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to and neutralizes IL-5, a cytokine that plays a key role in the pathophysi
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no evidence that selenium supplementation improves mortality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that smartphone and tablet apps improve the quality of survey questionnaire responses compared to other delivery methods. The quality of survey questionnaire responses can be measured
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that specific psychological therapies improve outcomes for adults with anorexia nervosa in outpatient settings.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The efficacy of carbamazepine and phenobarbitone for treating partial onset seizures
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from multiple systematic reviews and meta-analyses)
SUPPORTED. (Evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses show that screening for intimate partner violence in healthcare settings can help identify more women experiencing violence.)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Iron deficiency is a common condition during pregnancy, and iron supplementation is recommended to prevent anemia and improve maternal health outcomes. Several clinical trials have shown that daily iron
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of n-3 LCPUFA supplementation in pregnant or breastfeeding women to reduce allergy outcomes in their children. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of intermittent use of inhaled corticosteroids in managing mild persistent asthma. However, there is evidence that regular use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the expedited vaginal delivery of breech births. The optimal mode of delivery for breech births remains controversial. The current evidence suggests that planned ces
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that planned caesarean section improves outcomes for babies in breech presentation at term. The optimal mode of delivery for a fetus in bree
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of adding LAMA to ICS over increasing the dose of ICS for uncontrolled asthma in adults. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effect of hormonal contraceptives on the risk of fractures in women. The current research has shown that the use of hormonal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Buflomedil is a calcium channel blocker that has been studied in the treatment of acute ischaemic stroke. However, the results of these studies are conflicting, and there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anal plugs for the management of faecal incontinence. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of training and support strategies for palliative care volunteers in improving the quality of care for patients and their families.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the use of goal setting in improving health outcomes for adults with acquired disabilities in rehabilitation.
SUPPORTED. NSAIDs are effective for treating axial spondyloarthritis .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of gloves, gowns, or masks to prevent the spread of MRSA in hospitals. The use of gloves, gowns, or masks is recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adjuvant drug treatment to improve the outcomes of AV fistulae and grafts in ESRD patients on haemodialysis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. The WHO recommends a minimum of eight antenatal care visits for all pregnant women, including low-risk women. However
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Post-dural puncture headache (PDPH) is a common complication of lumbar puncture and spinal anesthesia. The incidence of PDPH is 2
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of assisted reproductive technology (ART) has been shown to significantly increase the chances of couples with fertility issues achieving a live birth. ART includes a range of treatments,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that
SUPPORTED. Negative pressure wound therapy (NPWT) is effective in treating leg ulcers . NPWT is a method of applying a controlled amount of sub-atmospheric pressure to a wound using a pump and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sedative and hypnotic drugs have been shown to worsen obstructive sleep apnoea in patients who have it. However, the current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of preconception health programs in improving pregnancy outcomes for overweight and obese women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best treatment for bronchiectasis. The current treatment is based on the management of symptoms and the prevention of exacerbations. Antib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that interventions for preventing ADPKD progression improve patient outcomes. The current research is focused on the prevention of ADPKD progression, but there is no evidence that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether transfusing older or fresher packed red blood cells is associated with different clinical outcomes. The optimal storage duration for packed red blood cells is not well defined
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The Early Manifest Glaucoma Trial (EMGT) showed that combined surgery was not more effective than cataract surgery alone for controlling intraocular pressure . The Advanced Glaucoma Inter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of LCPUFA supplementation in breastfeeding mothers on infant cognitive and physical development. However, there is some evidence that LCPUFA supplement
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that fresh frozen plasma transfusion reduces the risk of bleeding in cardiovascular surgery. However, there is also no evidence that it increases the risk of bleeding.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether routine early pregnancy ultrasound improves the detection of fetal issues compared to selective ultrasound use. The current evidence is conflicting and does
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological interventions to reduce anxiety in children during anaesthesia induction.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic lidocaine to prevent postoperative sore throat in adults after general anaesthesia. The current evidence is based
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, there is evidence that early discharge of stable preterm infants with home support of gavage feeding is safe and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for Inclusion Body Myositis. The current treatment is mainly based on the treatment of other myopathies. The main treatment is the use of glucocort
SUPPORTED. (moderate to severe postoperative pain) . Diclofenac is effective in relieving moderate to severe postoperative pain . Diclofenac is a non-steroidal anti
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of prothrombin complex concentrate in patients treated with vitamin K antagonists is controversial. Some studies have shown
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Milnacipran is effective for treating chronic neuropathic pain in adults. Milnacipran is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychosocial interventions are effective for helping patients with coronary heart disease quit smoking. Psychosocial interventions are effective in helping patients with coronary heart disease quit smoking. The Cochr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Amitriptyline is effective for relieving chronic neuropathic pain . Amitriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant that has been used to treat chronic ne
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based) Vaccinating women of reproductive age or pregnant women helps prevent neonatal tetanus. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends vaccinating women of re
SUPPORTED. (beneficial for babies at risk of preterm birth) . Repeat doses of prenatal corticosteroids are beneficial for babies at risk of preterm birth. They reduce the risk of resp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous distending pressure in preterm infants with respiratory distress. The use of continuous distending pressure in preterm infants with resp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: B) The Pilates method is effective for treating low back pain. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 600 participants showed that
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). A systematic review of 11 studies with 1002 participants showed that interventions such as physical exercise, cognitive training, and education can reduce fatigue in people who have had
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. Peribulbar and retrobulbar anaesthesia are both effective for cataract surgery. However, peribul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Topical tacrolimus is effective and safe for treating moderate to severe atopic dermatitis in adults and children. Tacrolimus 0.03% oint
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antiviral treatments in combination with corticosteroids for treating Bell's palsy. A systematic review by Chang
SUPPORTED. Epilepsy surgery is the treatment of choice for patients with focal epilepsy who do not respond to antiseizure medications (ASMs) . The success rate of epilepsy surgery is 4
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. NSAIDs are not more effective than other oral analgesics for treating acute soft tissue injuries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Mid-urethral sling operations are effective for treating stress urinary incontinence in women. The first mid-urethral sling was introduced in 1995 by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium supplements to lower blood pressure in normotensive individuals. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that calcium supplementation did
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that any specific surgical technique can reduce the duration of orthodontic treatment. The duration of orthodontic treatment is influenced by several factors, including the sever
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Novel oral anticoagulants are effective and safe for treating deep vein thrombosis. Novel oral anticoagulants are recommended for the treatment of deep vein th
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The question is too broad and there are many different types of interventions that can be aimed at increasing health professionals in rural areas.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of late pregnancy ultrasound in low-risk pregnancies. The current evidence is limited to observational studies and does not provide sufficient information
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 studies with 480 patients showed that spinal cord stimulation was effective in reducing pain in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on the effectiveness of topical agents and wound dressings for the healing of arterial leg ulcers
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. CHIVA is a relatively new technique that has been used to treat varicose veins. The number of studies on this technique
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, NSAIDs are the first-line treatment for renal colic.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the statement that early postoperative radiotherapy is more effective than delayed radiotherapy for low-grade gliomas. The current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic granulocyte transfusions to reduce the risk of infections in people with neutropenia. The use of
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Physical exercise training improves health outcomes in people with cystic fibrosis.
SUPPORTED. Mobile phone-based interventions have been shown to improve contraception use. A systematic review of 10 studies found that mobile phone-based interventions improved contraception use in low- and middle-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  compared immediate insertion of intrauterine contraception (I
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chelation therapy for the treatment of autism spectrum disorder. A systematic review published in 2014 included 11 studies, of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED: There is no evidence that a high fraction of inspired oxygen during surgery reduces mortality and surgical site infections. The use of high-flow oxygen therapy during surgery is not recommended in the current guidelines.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no specific pharmacological treatment for DIC in patients with leukemia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chelation therapy for the treatment of autism spectrum disorder. A systematic review published in 2014 included 11 studies, of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in reducing benzodiazepine use compared to other treatments. However, there is evidence that psychosocial inter
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of surgical interventions in treating obesity in children and adolescents.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support the accuracy of rCBF SPECT for diagnosing frontotemporal dementia. However, the rCBF SPECT is a
EFFECTIVE: Medical day hospitals are effective in improving health outcomes for older people. Medical day hospitals are a cost-effective alternative to hospitalization for older people with acute and chronic conditions. They provide high-quality care and improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics for children with acute otitis media. The decision to use antibiotics should be based on the child's symptoms and
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Exercise rehabilitation after ICU discharge is effective for improving health-related quality of life in critically ill survivors.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of topical nasal steroids for treating nasal polyps in people with cystic fibrosis.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. . Water fluoridation helps prevent dental caries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of multiple micronutrient powders in pregnancy. A recent Cochrane review found that there was insufficient evidence to determine whether multiple micron
SUPPORTED. Primary thromboprophylaxis reduces the risk of venous thromboembolism in patients undergoing cardiac or thoracic surgery .
REFUTED. There is evidence that stopping long-acting beta2-agonists in well-controlled asthma patients does not lead to worse asthma control or more asthma attacks. In a study by
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antihelminthics in the second or third trimester to improve maternal anaemia and pregnancy outcomes. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that bracing improves quality of life for adolescents with idiopathic scoliosis. The effect of bracing on quality of life is not well
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Electronic assistive technologies have been shown to improve reading speed and accuracy in children with low vision. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of these technologies to improve quality of life
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The length of the needle used for vaccination is not a factor that affects the effectiveness of the vaccine or the side effects of vacc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of PEP devices to improve mucus clearance in people with cystic fibrosis compared to other physiotherapy methods. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of Cerebrolysin for treating acute ischaemic stroke. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of massage therapy to prevent pressure ulcers in at-risk patients. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Tranexamic acid is effective in preventing postpartum haemorrhage .
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of community coalition-driven interventions to improve health status among racial and ethnic minority populations.
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Fluoride gel is effective in preventing dental caries in children and adolescents .
SUPPORTED. TENS effectively reduces acute pain in adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Liu et al. 2019 1 showed that there was no significant difference in the incidence
SUPPORTED. Replacing saturated fat with polyunsaturated fat lowers the risk of cardiovascular disease. Replacing saturated fat with monounsaturated fat or carbohydrates
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that different securement devices affect the failure rate of peripheral venous catheters. The failure rate of peripheral venous catheters is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 10 studies (7 randomized controlled trials and 3 observational
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Topical NSAIDs are effective for treating acute musculoskeletal pain in adults. Topical NSAIDs are effective in relieving pain associated with acute musculos
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The Bishop score is a method for assessing cervical readiness before inducing labor. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of the Bishop score compared to other methods.
SUPPORTED. (Yes, diet and exercise can help prevent excessive weight gain during pregnancy.)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of social skills training programmes for people with schizophrenia. A systematic review by Li
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Snake antivenom is effective in neutralizing the toxins in the venom but not in reversing the coagulopathy. The use of antivenom in the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that restricting caffeine intake during pregnancy improves fetal and maternal outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antifibrinolytic amino acids for upper gastrointestinal bleeding in people with liver disease. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin K for people with liver disease and upper gastrointestinal bleeding. However, there is evidence that vitamin K is effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,0
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of taxane-containing chemotherapy regimens in women with metastatic breast cancer has been shown to improve outcomes compared to non-taxane regimens. This is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) in treating fibromyalg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of routine vaccination against salmonella in people with sickle cell disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of COX inhibitors in preterm labor is controversial. Some studies have suggested that COX inhibitors may delay the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ACE inhibitors in the prevention of kidney complications in people with sickle cell disease. ACE inhibitors are commonly used in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the best strategy for discontinuing humidified high flow nasal cannula in preterm infants. The current literature is limited to observational studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Chinese herbal medicine in the treatment of recurrent urinary tract infections in women. However, there are some studies that have shown that Chinese
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotic lock therapy in preventing catheter-related infections in newborns. The use of antibiotic lock therapy in new
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin B6 supplementation during pregnancy. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether vitamin B6 supplementation during pregnancy is beneficial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of oral budesonide for induction of rem
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of motivational interviewing to improve activities of daily living after a stroke. A systematic review by Liu et al. 2019
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) is effective for managing postoperative pain . PCA is a method of pain management in which the patient administers analgesics through a pump, according
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) A Cochrane review of 10 studies found that interventions for female drug-using offenders were effective in reducing criminal activity (effect size = 0.38,
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Pharmacological interventions are effective in reducing drug use or criminal activity among drug-using offenders.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). A Cochrane review of 10 studies found that interventions combining drug treatment with criminal justice interventions reduced drug use and criminal activity compared to drug treatment alone . Another Cochrane
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of LAMA over LABA in adults with uncontrolled asthma. The current evidence is based on indirect comparisons
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials) Antenatal nutritional education is effective in improving maternal and infant health outcomes.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Antidepressants are effective in treating depressive symptoms in adults with cancer .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical antihistamines and mast cell stabilisers in allergic conjunctivitis. However, there is some evidence that top
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Directly observed therapy (DOT) is the recommended strategy for tuberculosis (TB) treatment. It involves the direct supervision of TB patients by a health worker or community volunteer during the intake
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of interventions aimed at improving employment outcomes for people living with HIV.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016 found that zinc supplementation did not improve insulin sensitivity in adults with ins
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-inflammatory agents in preventing further heart damage in patients with acute rheumatic fever.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological interventions have been shown to improve mental health outcomes for women with non-metastatic breast cancer. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled trials (
SUPPORTED. Tapentadol extended release is effective for treating moderate-to-severe musculoskeletal pain. Tapentadol extended release is a centrally acting, oral, and extended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Chronic disease management programmes improve outcomes for adults with asthma. The Cochrane review of self-management education and support interventions for people with asthma found that self
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral protein calorie supplements to improve nutritional status in children with chronic diseases. The use of oral protein calorie supplements in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The current research does not provide sufficient information to answer this question. The Cochrane review on this topic published in 2019 included 11 RCTs with 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Cognitive-behavioural therapy is effective for reducing neck pain in patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics in treating acute laryngitis in adults. The majority of cases of acute laryngitis are caused by vir
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of loop diuretics in lowering blood pressure in people with primary hypertension. However, loop diuretics are used in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Delusional disorder is a rare disorder, and there is a lack of research on its treatment. Current research is mainly based on case reports and small-sample studies. The effectiveness of the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient information to answer this question. However, it is important to note that the question is not well-defined.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Manual lymphatic drainage is effective for treating breast cancer-related lymphedema . However, the evidence is insufficient to determine whether it is safe .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Alginate dressings are effective for treating pressure ulcers. Alginate dressings are effective in treating stage II pressure ulcers, and they are also effective in treating stage III and stage
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no relevant research to answer this question.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of convective dialysis over diffusive dialysis in improving clinical outcomes in patients with end-stage kidney disease.
SUPPORTED. Negative pressure wound therapy is effective for treating pressure ulcers .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that intravenous immunoglobulin improves survival in patients with presumed viral myocarditis. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of randomized controlled trials of recombinant human growth hormone therapy in children and young adults with
SUPPORTED. (evidence) PARP inhibitors provide benefits for women with epithelial ovarian cancer. PARP inhibitors are effective in treating recurrent ovarian cancer in women with mutations in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support or refute this question. The COJEC induction schedule is a combination of cisplatin, vincristine, doxorubic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of preoperative chemotherapy in resectable thoracic esophageal cancer. The current research results are not conclusive. The results of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of L-acetylcarnitine on psychological and social performance in people with fragile X syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of treatments for postpolio syndrome in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sentinel lymph node biopsy is a procedure used to determine whether a melanoma has spread to the lymph nodes. The procedure involves removing the sentinel l
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioids for the treatment of agitation in people with dementia. The use of opioids for the treatment of agitation in
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that in-service training can improve the knowledge and skills of health workers in low-income countries. For
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of laxatives for managing constipation in people receiving palliative care. However, there is some evidence that laxatives may be effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Endoscopic sclerotherapy using cyanoacrylate is not more effective than other methods for treating acute gastric variceal bleeding. However, there is ins
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. Cap and co-payment policies are not directly related to the use of medicines and healthcare costs. Cap and co-payment policies are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Vitrectomy is an effective surgical procedure for treating idiopathic macular holes. It involves the removal of the vitreous gel and the membranes that surround the hole,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The age of stored red blood cells does not appear to affect the outcomes of transfusions. However, the current evidence is insufficient to draw a firm conclusion.
REFUTED. Macular grid laser photocoagulation does not improve vision in patients with macular oedema following BRVO. The Early Treatment Diabetic Retinopathy Study (ETDRS) showed that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that routine abdominal drainage after gast
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review published in 2017  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antifibrinolytic drugs in trauma patients with bleeding. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence that antifibr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing pneumatic retinopexy with scl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that vitamin D supplementation did not reduce pain scores in
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Ustekinumab is effective for inducing remission in Crohn's disease. Ustekinumab is a monoclonal antibody that binds to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of sweet tasting solutions to reduce needle-related pain in children aged one to 16 years. The current research does not provide enough information to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that influenza vaccination helps prevent cardiovascular disease. However, there is evidence that influenza vaccination may reduce the risk of cardiovascular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiviral treatment in Bell's palsy. However, the use of antiviral treatment in Bell's palsy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of homocysteine lowering therapy on cardiovascular mortality in kidney transplant patients is not clear
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 studies with a total of 488 participants. The studies were
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Seborrhoeic dermatitis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease that is characterized by the overgrowth of Malassezia yeasts on the skin. The path
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective palliative treatment for vaginal bleeding in women with advanced cervical cancer. However, there are several treatment options available to manage vaginal bleeding in women with advanced c
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . SSRIs and SNRIs are effective for preventing tension-type headaches .
SUPPORTED. tDCS has been shown to improve aphasia in stroke survivors. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that tDCS can improve aphasia in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fetal scalp lactate sampling is not used in modern obstetric practice. It is not recommended in the current guidelines.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effect of zinc supplementation during pregnancy on maternal and infant health outcomes is still unclear. Some studies have shown that
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Virtual reality and interactive video gaming have been shown to improve upper limb function in stroke rehabilitation. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials with 6
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal management of asymptomatic abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAA) between 4.0
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ibuprofen and codeine combination for pain relief. The combination of ibuprofen and codeine is not recommended for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics for the prevention of acute upper respiratory tract infections. The Cochrane review of 2013 included
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preoperative bathing with antiseptics to reduce the risk of surgical site infections. The current guidelines do not recommend the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 RCTs with 1,039
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that eradicating MRSA improves health outcomes for cystic fibrosis patients. However, there is also no evidence that eradicating MRSA worsens
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inositol is a vitamin-like substance that is found in many foods and is also synthesized in the body. It is a cyclic sugar that is found in nature in two
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the clinical symptoms and tests to accurately identify dehydration in older people. The clinical symptoms and signs of dehydration in older people are often non
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of barrier agents during pelvic surgery to reduce pain and improve fertility outcomes in women of reproductive age.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine device is effective in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding. The levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine
SUPPORTED. Vertebroplasty is a minimally invasive surgical procedure that involves the injection of bone cement into one or more vertebral bodies to treat osteoporotic vertebral fractures
SUPPORTED. Tailored intervention strategies are effective in improving healthcare professional practice .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Group antenatal care is a type of antenatal care that is delivered in a group setting, with a group of women attending sessions together. It is an alternative to conventional antenatal care, which
REFUTED. The Valsalva manoeuvre is not effective in terminating supraventricular tachycardia . The Valsalva manoeuvre is a manoeuvre in which
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of calcium supplementation during pregnancy on maternal, fetal, or neonatal outcomes is still controversial. Some studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 RCTs and 1 observational study. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of screening for genital tract infections during pregnancy in reducing preterm birth.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical research on the effectiveness and safety of acupuncture for treating children with mumps. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether acupuncture is effective and
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The Mini-Cog is a brief cognitive screening tool that has been developed to detect cognitive impairment in community settings. It consists of three tasks: clock drawing, animal naming, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tafenoquine in the prevention of relapses in P. vivax malaria. The only study that evaluated the efficacy
SUPPORTED. There are several treatment options available for rosacea. The treatment of rosacea depends on the type of rosacea and the severity of the disease. Topical metronidazole
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of invasive urodynamic testing in the management of voiding dysfunction in men. However, the use of invasive urodynamic testing is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. Laetrile is not effective in treating cancer. Laetrile is a compound derived from amygdalin, a natural substance found in the seeds and pits of apricots, peaches, and other
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Karpelow et al.  showed that there is no clear evidence that prophylactic antibiotics
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The Cochrane review of 10 trials (n = 4,126) found that interventions aimed at improving adherence to smoking cessation medications increased the odds
SUPPORTED. Hydrogel dressings are effective for healing pressure ulcers .
SUPPORTED. Endoscopic ultrasound (EUS) is effective for staging gastric cancer before surgery. EUS is a useful tool for the evaluation of the depth of tumor invasion and lymph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence on the reliability of parenteral access in patients with Ebola virus disease. However, the use of peripheral intravenous catheters is not recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Surgical intervention is the gold standard for the treatment of severe scoliosis in adolescents. The surgical procedure involves correction of the spinal curve and fusion of the vertebrae to prevent
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is insufficient evidence to determine whether corticosteroids
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether routine early delivery in monoamniotic twin pregnancies improves outcomes compared to expectant management. The current literature is limited to case reports and case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of plastic adhesive drapes to reduce surgical site infections during surgery. The use of plastic adhesive drapes is not recommended in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is not enough information to support the statement that aerobic physical activity improves cognitive function in older people without known cognitive impairment.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Dimethyl fumarate is an effective and safe treatment option for reducing the number of relapses in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Latrepirdine is a drug that was studied in the past for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease, but it was not found to be effective in clinical trials. There is currently
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend routine preoperative skin antisepsis for clean surgery. However, the guidelines recommend preoperative
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Feverfew is a plant that has been used for centuries to treat various conditions, including migraines. However, the evidence for its effectiveness in preventing migraine attacks is limited and conflicting
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the treatment of mumps with Chinese medicinal herbs is still in the stage of preclinical research
SUPPORTED. (evidence) TNF-alpha inhibitors are effective in reducing pain and improving function in people with ankylosing spondylitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review  showed that there is no difference between full-mouth scaling and disinfection and conventional scaling in the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of elective endovascular repair for inflammatory abdominal aortic aneurysms. Therefore, it is not possible to answer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are some studies that have shown that antiviral agents are effective in treating herpes simplex virus eye disease. For
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vitamin K is an essential nutrient that is required for the synthesis of coagulation factors II, VII, IX, and X. Vitamin K deficiency can lead to coag
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that zonisamide was effective in reducing pain in
SUPPORTED. Palliative sedation is a safe and effective method to improve the quality of life of terminally ill patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. First Rank Symptoms are not diagnostic of schizophrenia. They are present in 30% of patients with schizophrenia and in 20% of patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of DHEA in the treatment of menopausal symptoms. The current evidence is insufficient to determine the efficacy of DHEA
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The use of chemotherapy in combination with surgery and radiation therapy has been shown to improve survival outcomes in children with medulloblastoma. A randomized controlled trial comparing chemotherapy plus radiation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is insufficient evidence to determine whether beta-adrenergic blockers
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Alpha-2 agonists are not recommended for long-term sedation in critically ill patients on mechanical ventilation. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 10 studies with 100 patients found that there was no significant difference in mortality between the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of school-based education programmes in preventing child sexual abuse.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of routine Doppler ultrasound in low-risk pregnancies. The current research has not provided enough information to support the use of routine Dop
SUPPORTED. Exercise programs for older people with dementia improve their daily living activities. A systematic review of 11 studies with 1,000 participants found that exercise programs for older people with dementia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has shown that there is no significant difference between supportive therapy and standard care in the treatment of schizophrenia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of chlorhexidine in the prevention of dental caries in children and adolescents is controversial. Some studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of pyridoxal 5 phosphate for the treatment of tardive dyskines
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of warmed intravenous fluids and irrigation fluids to prevent perioperative hypothermia during surgery. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Janus kinase inhibitors have been shown to provide clinical benefits for treating myelofibrosis. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved ruxolitin
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Rivastigmine is effective for treating Alzheimer's disease. Rivastigmine is a reversible acetylcholinesterase and butyrylchol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of debriefing interventions in preventing psychological trauma in women after childbirth.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of melatonin to reduce anxiety before surgery in adults. However, melatonin is generally safe and well-tolerated.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the hypothesis that increasing omega 3 LCPUFA in the diet prevents or slows the progression of age-related macular degeneration.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Antifungal drugs are effective in treating fungal keratitis. Fungal keratitis is a serious infection of the cornea that can lead to blindness if not treated prompt
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2019  included 11 studies (10 RCTs and 1 quasi-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of enteral tube feeding to improve nutritional status in people with cystic fibrosis. The current literature is limited to case reports and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of organisational interventions on the wellbeing of teachers.
REFUTED. The current evidence does not support the use of antibiotics for asymptomatic bacteriuria in adults. The use of antibiotics for asymptomatic bacteriuria in adults is not recommended by
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Aggressive behaviour is a common problem in people with intellectual disabilities. Behavioural and cognitive-behavioural interventions have been shown to be effective in reducing aggressive behaviour
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that hysterectomy is safe and effective when added to standard treatment for locally advanced cervical cancer. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute this hypothesis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of phytomedicines for the treatment of sickle cell disease. However, there are some studies that have shown that some plant extracts may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) found that quinine was not effective for treating muscle cramps . However, there are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of rituximab for treating inhibitors in people with severe hemophilia A or B. Rituximab is used to treat autoimm
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Baclofen is effective and safe for treating severe alcohol withdrawal syndrome . The use of baclofen for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome has been supported by several studies. A randomized
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) is effective in reducing seizures for patients with drug-resistant epilepsy. VNS is a non-invasive procedure that involves
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The mode of delivery for women with bleeding disorders is not well studied. However, there is no evidence that cesarean section is associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of Reiki for treating anxiety and depression in people aged 16 and over. A systematic review of 11 studies found that Reiki was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of adjunctive corticosteroids in HIV-infected patients with PCP and substantial hypoxaemia. However, the use of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in reducing illicit drug use in pregnant women. However, there is some evidence that cognitive-behavioral interventions
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . SSRIs and SNRIs are effective for preventing migraines. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that SSRIs and SN
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of external cephalic version at term to improve pregnancy outcomes. The current evidence is limited to case series and case reports. A Cochrane
SUPPORTED. Buprenorphine is an effective option for managing cancer pain in patients . The use of buprenorphine for the management of cancer pain is supported by several studies. A randomized, double-bl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to help children stop non-nutritive sucking habits.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is a lack of high-quality evidence to support the use of surgical interventions for distal tibial metaphyseal fractures in adults. The current literature is limited
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that providing free insecticide-treated bednets (ITNs) increased ownership and use . Another systematic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of bed rest in preventing preterm birth in high-risk pregnant women. The Cochrane review of 2019
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of organisational and professional interventions in reducing wrong-site surgery. However, there is evidence that preoperative marking of the surgical site
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Oral analgesia is effective and safe for pain relief after a caesarean section. The use of oral analgesics for pain relief after caesarean section is supported by several
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) is a blood product that contains antibodies against a wide range of pathogens. It is used in the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of intra-aortic balloon pump (IABP) in patients with cardiogenic shock due
EFFECTIVE: (supported) . Enzyme replacement therapies are effective for treating Gaucher disease. The first enzyme replacement therapy for Gaucher disease was approved in 1991. Since then,
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Sapropterin dihydrochloride is a safe and effective treatment for hyperphenylalaninemia in patients with BH4 responsive phenylketon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of CFTR potentiators in people with cystic fibrosis. The CFTR potentiators are not currently approved for use in people
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Xylitol has been shown to reduce the incidence of dental caries in children and adults. The mechanism of action is thought to be due to its ability to inhibit the growth of cariogenic bacteria
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The question is too broad and there is no evidence that interventions aimed at increasing the reporting of occupational diseases by physicians have a significant effect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness of remote psychological therapies in reducing chronic pain in children and adolesc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of community-based intervention packages in reducing maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. However, there is evidence that community-based
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific enteral nutrition formulation in patients with acute pancreatitis. The current evidence is limited to small observational studies and does
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether specific sedative agents provide better outcomes for patients undergoing electrical cardioversion.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 RCTs including 2,992 women undergoing IVF/IC
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that any treatment is effective in the treatment of IgG or IgA paraproteinemic peripheral neuropathy. The current evidence is based on case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017 found that the influenza vaccine did not reduce the occurrence of acute ot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of add-back therapy to improve the effectiveness and safety of GnRH analogues for treating uterine fibroids. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effect of hormonal contraceptives on lactation and infant growth. The effect of hormonal contraceptives on lact
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of other interventions to reduce inflammation in familial Mediterranean fever.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of surgery for relieving pain in patients with obstructive chronic pancreatitis. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the effectiveness of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The combination of adrenaline and lidocaine for digital nerve blocks is not a new technique. However, there is no systematic
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Enhanced recovery programmes (ERP) are a multimodal perioperative care approach that aims to reduce the length of hospital stay and improve the recovery of patients undergoing major
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether high frequency oscillatory ventilation reduces the risk of chronic lung disease in preterm infants compared to conventional ventilation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tramadol is effective for postoperative pain relief in children and adolescents. Tramadol is a centrally acting analgesic that is widely used in children and adoles
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for Frey's syndrome. The current treatment options are mainly focused on reducing the symptoms and include surgical and non-surgical methods. The surgical methods
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ovulation prediction methods for timing intercourse to improve conception rates in couples trying to conceive. However, there is some evidence that urine
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of knee braces or foot/ankle orthoses in the management of knee osteoarthritis. A systematic review of randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of leukotriene inhibitors for bronchiolitis in infants and young children showed that
SUPPORTED. Electronic health information has been shown to improve clinical practice and patient outcomes in various studies. For example, a systematic review of 17 studies found that the use of electronic medical records was associated with a reduction in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions such as treadmill training, body-weight-supported treadmill training, and rob
EARLY ANTAGONIST THERAPY: (supported) . Early anticoagulation therapy is effective and safe for treating acute ischaemic stroke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the optimal way to administer fluids for treating painful crises in sickle cell disease. However, there is evidence that aggressive hydration can be harmful.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Atorvastatin is a potent inhibitor of HMG-CoA reductase, which is the rate-limiting enzyme in the cholesterol bios
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that statins did not reduce the risk of acute
REFUTED. Urine reagent strip tests and circulating antigen tests are not accurate in diagnosing schistosomiasis compared to microscopy. Urine reagent strip tests have low sensitivity and specificity for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of paracetamol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that modified postural drainage reduces gastroesophageal reflux in infants with cystic fibrosis. The current literature is limited to case reports
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The IQCODE is a screening tool for dementia, but it has not been validated in secondary-care settings. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether the IQCODE
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Women's Health Initiative (WHI) study, a large randomized controlled trial, found no significant difference in the risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pentoxifylline in neonates with sepsis or necrotizing enterocolitis. A Cochrane review published
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of azithromycin over amoxycillin or amoxycillin/clavulanic acid for treating acute lower resp
ENOUGH INFORMATION: Yes, empirical antibiotic treatment is effective and safe for acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease .
SUPPORTED. Perphenazine is effective in treating schizophrenia and has a similar safety profile to other antipsychotic drugs. However, it has a higher risk of extrapyramidal side effects than some
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine screening of patients with unprovoked VTE for undiagnosed cancer. The incidence of cancer in patients with unprovoked VTE is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that therapist-supported Internet CBT was effective for treating anxiety disorders in adults . The review found that therapist
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of biofilm testing to improve antibiotic treatment for lung infections in cystic fibrosis patients is an active
SUPPORTED. The Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) is a brief cognitive screening tool that has been widely used to assess cognitive function in older adults. It consists of 11 items that assess various cognitive domains
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bicarbonate-buffered solutions over lactate-buffered solutions for the treatment of acute kidney injury. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of supplementary feeding interventions in improving the health of disadvantaged children aged three months to five years.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Chlorhexidine is a cationic antiseptic that has been used for decades to prevent and treat infections.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of immunosuppressive agents in the treatment of multifocal motor neuropathy. The current evidence is based on small case series
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of optical low vision aids to improve reading in children with low vision.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether antiepileptic drugs are effective in preventing seizures after craniotomy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of physical rehabilitation for people with critical illness myopathy and polyneuropathy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The rarer dementias include dementia with Lewy bodies, frontotemporal dementia, vascular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of personalised care planning on health outcomes for adults with long-term conditions.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials)
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Active management of the third stage of labour reduces the risk of severe haemorrhage .
SUPPORTED. Motivational interviewing is a counseling method that helps people to explore and resolve their ambivalence about behavior change. It has been shown to be effective in helping people quit smoking.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The use of protein substitute is a cornerstone of the treatment of phenylketonuria (PKU). The use of protein substitute is associated with improved growth, cognitive function, and quality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that muscle energy technique was effective in reducing pain and improving function in
SUPPORTED. Oxycodone is as effective and tolerable as other strong opioids for cancer pain relief. Oxycodone is a strong opioid that is effective in relieving moderate to severe pain. It
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There are effective and safe methods for expressing breast milk.
REFUTED. The Myocardial Revascularization with Laser Ablation for Severe Angina (MUSTANG) trial was a randomized controlled trial that compared TMLR with optimal medical therapy in patients with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of time-lapse systems in assisted reproductive technology. The use of time-lapse systems in assisted reproductive technology is
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Family-based interventions can help prevent children from starting to smoke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Khoja et al. 2018 1 found that there is a lack of high-quality
EUS and MRCP are accurate tests for diagnosing common bile duct stones.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  compared the accuracy of intraoperative cholangiography and ERCP for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best treatment for patellar dislocation. The treatment of patellar dislocation is based on the patient's symptoms, activity level, and the number of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that repairing buildings damaged by dampness and mould helps reduce respiratory symptoms and infections. However, there is evidence that living in damp buildings is associated with an
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of branched-chain amino acids for the treatment of hepatic encephalopathy. A systematic review of randomized
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based medicine: systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are some studies that have been conducted on the treatment of Acanthamoeba keratitis. The treatment of
EFFECTIVE: ➢ Interventions aimed at reducing waiting times for elective care are effective. ➢ The effectiveness of interventions aimed at reducing waiting times for elective care is dependent on the type of intervention
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Pulmonary rehabilitation improves health-related quality of life and exercise capacity in COPD patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Artemisinin-naphthoquine combination is effective and safe for treating uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria . The combination of artemisinin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to compare the outcomes of different surgical techniques for thumb osteoarthritis. The current literature is limited to case series and case reports. A systematic review by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hysteroscopic removal of uterine abnormalities in women with unexplained subfertility. The current research
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral lactoferrin in the prevention of sepsis and necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm neonates. A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that using email for clinical communication between healthcare professionals improves outcomes compared to other communication methods.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that promoting face washing helps prevent active trachoma in endemic communities.
SUPPORTED. Dance movement therapy is effective for treating depression .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Morita therapy is a psychological treatment developed by Shujiro Morita, a psychiatrist at the Tokyo Metropolitan Mental Hospital in Japan. It was first published in 195
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Primaquine added to ACTs reduces the infectivity of P. falciparum to mosquitoes in vitro and in vivo. Primaquine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is an effective treatment for childhood and adolescent anxiety disorders. The efficacy of CBT for anxiety disorders in children and adolescents has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of pharmacological interventions in reducing sexual offending behavior in convicted individuals.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Reducing salt intake is beneficial for patients with chronic kidney disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al.  compared the efficacy and safety of videolaryngoscopy and direct l
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of eosinophilic meningitis. Therefore, it is not possible to answer this question. However
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is limited to retrospective studies and case reports. The accuracy of TEG or ROT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that G lucidum had no significant effect on blood lipids
REFUTED. Topical NSAIDs do not help treat diabetic cystoid macular oedema. The Early Manifest Glaucoma Trial (EMGT) showed that topical NSAIDs do not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of loop diuretics before blood transfusions to reduce complications. However, there is evidence that loop diuretics can be used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend routine blood cultures in pregnant women with pyelonephritis. However, blood cultures may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no evidence that statins are effective in preventing or delay
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Exercise therapy is effective in reducing fatigue in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature does not provide sufficient information to answer this question.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether any intervention improves the success of turning a breech baby to head first presentation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The question is important and should be addressed in future research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct comparison between fluphenazine decanoate and enanthate with oral antipsychotics. However, fluphenazine decanoate and enanthate are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that controlling blood pressure helps prevent diabetic retinopathy in diabetics.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The surgical techniques for primary congenital glaucoma are varied and include trabeculotomy, trabeculot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Retinoic acid is a vitamin A derivative that has been used in the treatment of acute promyelocytic leukemia. In neuroblastoma, retino
EFFECTIVE: (supported). Embolisation is an effective treatment for pulmonary arteriovenous malformations .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: B) DAT imaging is effective for diagnosing dementia with Lewy bodies in patients with suspected DLB. The sensitivity and specificity of DAT imaging for the diagnosis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of controlled cord traction during the third stage of labour to reduce the risk of severe postpartum hemorrhage. The Cochrane systematic
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral chondroitin has been shown to provide benefits for treating osteoarthritis compared to placebo. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that homeopathic Oscillococcinum® is effective in preventing or treating influenza. The Cochrane review on this topic included 11 RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. ¹⁸F-FDG PET scans can be used to detect Alzheimer's disease, but not to predict the progression of mild cognitive impairment to
SUPPORTED. Exercise therapy is effective in improving neck pain and related symptoms in adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Induced hypothermia is a neuroprotective strategy that has been shown to improve outcomes for patients undergoing brain surgery. The neuroprotective effects of hypothermia are thought to be due
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of social norms interventions in reducing alcohol misuse among college students.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2016 included 11 RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Macrolides are not recommended for the treatment of diffuse panbronchiolitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pneumococcal vaccination during pregnancy is not recommended in most countries, including the United States, because the vaccine does not cross the placenta and the protection it provides to the infant is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Cell salvage is a technique used in trauma surgery to collect and retransfuse the patient's own blood during surgery. The technique involves removing blood from the patient during surgery, processing
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Transient elastography is a non-invasive method that uses ultrasound to measure liver stiffness, which is an indicator of liver fibrosis. It has been shown to
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. ECMO is more effective than conventional support in improving survival for adults with severe respiratory or cardiac failure. The use of ECMO in patients with severe respiratory or cardiac failure has been associated with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common medical condition that develops or is first recognized during pregnancy. The diagnosis of GDM is based on the results of a
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence). Exercise therapy is effective in reducing pain and improving function in people with patellofemoral pain syndrome.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Rituximab is effective for treating rheumatoid arthritis when combined with methotrexate. Rituximab is a chimeric monoc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Medication is effective in treating anxiety disorders in people with alcohol use disorders.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of house dust mite (HDM) reduction and avoidance measures can help in treating eczema. The HDM reduction and avoidance measures include the use of mattress and pillow
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Haloperidol is equally effective as other first-generation antipsychotics for treating schizophrenia. The efficacy of haloperidol is comparable to that of other first-
SUPPORTED. Homocysteine-lowering interventions, including folic acid, vitamin B6, and vitamin B12 supplements, reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with hyperhom
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The results of the study are conflicting. The Cochrane review of 2018  showed that
SUPPORTED. Palliative radiotherapy can improve symptoms in patients with advanced lung cancer .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intermittent preventive antimalarial treatment to reduce anaemia in children living in malaria-endemic areas. The current
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Vestibular rehabilitation is effective for treating unilateral peripheral vestibular dysfunction. Vestibular rehabilitation is a set of exercises that can improve the symptoms
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,000 patients with prolonged
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that vitamin B supplementation did not significantly reduce
RAS inhibitors are as effective as other first-line antihypertensive drugs for treating hypertension . RAS inhibitors are effective in reducing blood pressure and reducing the risk of cardiovascular events. They are also safe
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Indacaterol improves lung function and quality of life in patients with stable COPD compared to placebo. The results of the INSPIRE trial showed that indacaterol significantly improved
SUPPORTED. Ultrasound guidance improves the safety and effectiveness of central venous catheter insertion compared to traditional methods. Ultrasound guidance is associated with a lower rate of complications, including arterial punct
SUPPORTED. Ultrasound guidance for central venous catheter insertion reduces complication rates compared to traditional methods. Ultrasound guidance for central venous catheter insertion is associated with a lower rate of cat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that maitogening improves outcomes for patients with acute ischaemic stroke. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the hypothesis that maitogening
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Interim PET imaging is not routinely used in the treatment of Hodgkin lymphoma. However, it may be used in certain cases to assess treatment response and adjust
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Nortriptyline is effective for treating chronic neuropathic pain in adults. Nortriptyline is a tricyclic antidepressant that has been shown to be effective in
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that land-based therapeutic exercise is beneficial for reducing knee pain in people with osteoarthritis. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 random
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Parent-infant psychotherapy has been shown to be effective in improving the parent-infant relationship and mental health. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Etomidate is a short-acting intravenous sedative-hypnotic agent that is used in the ICU for induction of anesthesia, sedation
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Dance/movement therapy has been shown to improve psychological outcomes such as anxiety, depression, and quality of life in cancer patients. It has also been shown to improve physical outcomes such as pain,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of metoclopramide for the placement of naso-enteral tubes in adults. The current evidence is limited to one randomized
SUPPORTED. Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is a non-invasive imaging technique that uses near-infrared light to measure the thickness of the retina and the macula. It
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 2017  included 11 RCTs with 1016 inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of protocol-directed sedation management in mechanically ventilated ICU patients. The use of protocol-directed sedation management in mechan
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, hrHPV testing is effective for monitoring women after colposcopic treatment for cervical abnormalities.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-adhesion agents in gynaecological pelvic surgery. The use of anti-adhesion agents in gynaec
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The use of corticosteroids in the treatment of CIDP is supported by moderate evidence. The use of corticosteroids in the treatment of CIDP is supported by moderate
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Case management is effective in providing home support for people with dementia. Case management is a coordinated, multidisciplinary approach to providing home-based services to people with dementia and their families
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Minimally invasive surgery is a surgical technique that involves making small incisions and using special instruments to perform surgery through these
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of home uterine activity monitoring in women at high risk of preterm birth. The current evidence is limited to a single randomized controlled trial with
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Community-wide interventions have been shown to increase physical activity levels in the population . For example, a systematic review of 16 studies found that community-wide interventions were effective in
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Iron therapy is effective for treating anaemia in adults without chronic kidney disease. Iron deficiency anaemia is a common condition in adults, especially in women and
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Electronic health records (EHRs) are digital records of patient health information that can be accessed by authorized healthcare providers. EHRs can include information such as medical history, medications, allerg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Uterine artery embolization is an effective alternative to surgery for treating symptomatic uterine fibroids. However, the evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of immunonutrients in the diet to improve clinical outcomes in patients with severe burn injuries. The use of immunonutrients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of local anaesthesia during dental procedures under general anaesthesia to reduce postoperative pain in children. The current evidence is
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of assisted reproductive technology (ART) has been shown to significantly increase the chances of couples with fertility issues achieving a live birth. ART includes a range of treatments,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic manual rotation during labor for women with malposition. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case series. A randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antiseptic solutions to clean the vagina before cesarean delivery in reducing the risk of maternal infections.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best treatment for melanoma in situ. The treatment of melanoma in situ is controversial and depends on the patient's risk factors, such as the size
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antibiotics for intra-amniotic infection reduce complications for mothers and infants. Intra-amniotic infection is a common cause of preterm birth and is associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 studies with 388 patients showed that local intramuscular transplantation of autolog
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Creatine is a natural compound that is found in fish and meat. It is also synthesized in the liver and kidneys. It is a popular supplement among athletes and bodybuilders.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to suggest that one method of delivery is superior
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Neuro-Behçet Syndrome is a rare neurological disorder that can cause a wide range of symptoms, including seizures, stroke, and mental health problems. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to improve cognitive deficits in adults treated with cranial irradiation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of isotonic fluids in the prevention of hyponatremia in hospitalized children. The current evidence is limited to a single randomized
SUPPORTED. (Accuracy of rapid diagnostic tests for P. vivax is higher than that of older tests.) Rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs) are more accurate than older tests for detecting malaria. R
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research is mainly focused on the comparison between interventional treatment and surgical treatment.
SUPPORTED. . Reducing dietary salt intake has been shown to have a significant impact on mortality and cardiovascular health. A Cochrane review of 34 randomized controlled trials found that reducing salt
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific drug or intervention to reduce fatigue in people with peripheral neuropathy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on Cordyceps sinensis for treating chronic kidney disease is still in the preliminary stage. The clinical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Graduated compression stockings are effective in preventing deep vein thrombosis in hospitalized patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Bladder neck suspension is effective for treating stress urinary incontinence compared to other options. Bladder neck suspension is a surgical procedure that involves the placement of a sling around
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Ephedrine is a sympathomimetic drug that can increase blood pressure and heart rate. It is often used to treat hypotension and shock. There is no clear evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The long-term effects of e-cigarettes on smoking cessation are not yet known. A systematic review published in 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of patient education in preventing foot ulcers in people with diabetes. However, there is evidence that patient education can improve knowledge and self-care behaviors in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions for nipple pain in breastfeeding women. A systematic review by the Cochrane Collaboration in 201
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of glutamine supplementation in young infants with severe gastrointestinal disease. However, there is evidence that glutamine supplementation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Surfactant administration is effective in the treatment of meconium aspiration syndrome in infants .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic found no randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that assessed the effect of vag
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGHT INFORMATION. There is no evidence that osteotomy improves pain and function in patients with knee osteoarthritis. However, there is also no evidence that osteotomy does not
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation is effective for managing heart conditions. Exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation is a combination of physical activity, education, and psychological support. It has been shown to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that one surgical method is more effective than the other for treating periocular basal cell carcinoma. The choice of surgical method should be based on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that draining functional ovarian cysts before IVF improves pregnancy outcomes. The current research is not sufficient to answer this
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of caffeine as an adjuvant to common pain relievers. However, there is some evidence that caffeine may enhance the analges
SUPPORTED. Peripheral nerve blocks effectively reduce pain after major knee surgery compared to other analgesic methods. Peripheral nerve blocks are effective in reducing pain after major knee surgery. A systematic review and meta-analysis of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that ursodeoxycholic acid improves liver function in cystic fibrosis patients. However, there is also no evidence that ursodeoxycholic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxygen therapy in treating lower respiratory tract infections in children. However, it is important to note that oxygen therapy is not recommended for children
EFFECTIVE: Yes, robot-assisted surgery is effective for treating gynaecological diseases.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether a shorter duration of systemic corticosteroid treatment is effective for adults with acute exacerbations of COPD. The optimal duration of
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Music therapy can reduce anxiety in patients on mechanical ventilation .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cinacalcet is a calcimimetic drug that binds to the calcium-sensing receptor in the parathyroid gland and inhibits the release of par
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin E supplementation to reduce vitamin E deficiency disorders in people with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of patient diaries to improve recovery for ICU patients and their families. However, there is some evidence that patient diaries can be helpful in improving
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Erythropoiesis-stimulating agents are effective and safe for treating anaemia in adults with chronic kidney disease. The use of erythropoies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of HIV prevention advice for people with serious mental illness. However, there is evidence that people with serious
Epley manoeuvre is supported for the treatment of posterior canal BPPV. The Epley manoeuvre is a simple and effective treatment for posterior canal BPPV . The Epley manoeuvre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the superiority of pneumatic dilation over botulinum toxin injection in the treatment of achalasia. The choice of treatment should be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that administering antibiotics before cesarean delivery reduces the risk of infections for mothers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend balloon angioplasty with stenting for hypertension in patients with renal artery
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Compulsory community treatment is a controversial topic in mental health care. The effectiveness of compulsory community treatment in improving outcomes for people with severe mental illness is not well established. Some studies have
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Coenzyme Q10 is a vitamin-like compound that is found in the body and in many foods. It is also known as ubiquinone or vitamin K2.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that restricting water intake in premature infants reduces the risk of serious health issues. In fact, there is evidence that water restriction may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The results of the ongoing trials are awaited. The results of the ongoing trials are awaited.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 studies and found that the evidence was insufficient to determine the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in reducing alcohol consumption in illicit drug users.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2014  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at reducing work disability for employees with depression. However, there is evidence that interventions aimed at reducing work disability for employees with depression
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Antidepressants are effective in treating depression in patients with epilepsy. Antidepressants are effective in treating depression in patients with epilepsy, but the use of antidepress
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that slow advancement of enteral feeding reduces the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or VLBW inf
SUPPORTED. Endonasal surgery is more effective than medical treatment for chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps .
REFUTED. There is no evidence that delaying the introduction of enteral feeds reduces the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or VLBW infants. In fact, there is evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 studies found that school-based interventions can reduce drug use among students . Another systematic review of 11 studies found that school-based interventions can reduce
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The efficacy of antidepressant medications and psychological therapies for treating depression in children and adolescents is supported by clinical research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Non-pharmacological interventions such as physical therapy, occupational therapy, and cognitive behavioral therapy have been shown to be effective in treating chronic pain in people with spinal cord injury
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of slow-release fluoride devices is effective in preventing dental caries in children. The use of slow-release fluoride devices can reduce the incidence of dental caries
SUPPORTED. Exercise can help reduce fear of falling in older people living in the community. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that exercise interventions can reduce fear of falling in
REFUTED. The use of antifungal agents in patients with allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA) and cystic fibrosis (CF) is not supported by the
SUPPORTED. Tissue adhesives are effective for closing surgical wounds compared to sutures. Tissue adhesives are a safe and effective alternative to sutures for closing surgical wounds in the pediatric
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Exercise is effective in managing menopausal hot flushes in women. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,000
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of educational strategies to improve postpartum contraceptive use. However, there is evidence that educational strategies can improve the knowledge of contracept
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2016 found that there was insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of partial agonist beta blockers in lowering blood pressure in patients with primary hypertension. The current evidence is limited to animal studies and
SUPPORTED. Sulfasalazine is effective in treating ankylosing spondylitis .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Thoracic outlet syndrome is a term used to describe a group of disorders characterized by compression of the neurovascular bundle in the thoracic outlet. The neurovascular bundle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature does not provide sufficient evidence to determine whether different surgical methods for treating olecranon fractures have varying effects on
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Non-surgical interventions such as hormonal therapies, including combined oral contraceptives, progestin-only pills, and progestin-containing intrauter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions for taste disturbances in improving patients' taste perception. The current research has not provided sufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions for
SUPPORTED. There is evidence that strategies for expanding health insurance coverage effectively increase enrolment in vulnerable populations. For example, the Affordable Care Act (ACA) in the United States has been shown to increase health insurance
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no benefit to supplementing breastfed infants with additional foods or fluids before six months. The WHO recommends exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months of life. This recommendation is based on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of over-the-counter cough medicines for treating acute cough in children and adults.
SUPPORTED. Laser photocoagulation is effective in treating diabetic retinopathy. Laser photocoagulation is a procedure that uses a low-intensity laser to burn small areas of tissue in the ret
REFUTED. The current evidence does not support the use of pharmacological treatments for the management of symptoms in children with gastro-oesophageal reflux.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous oral antibiotic prophylaxis to improve lung health in children with cystic fibrosis. The use of continuous oral antib
SUPPORTED. . Anti-VEGF treatments have been shown to improve outcomes for patients with proliferative diabetic retinopathy.
REFUTED. Percutaneous nephrolithotomy is more effective than extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy for treating kidney stones .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pentoxifylline for the prevention of bronchopulmonary dysplasia in preterm infants. A Co
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Belatacept is a CTLA-4-Ig fusion protein that blocks the interaction of B7 with CD28 on T cells, thereby inhibiting T cell activation. It has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether elbow joint aspiration is effective for treating radial head fractures in adults.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Rosuvastatin effectively lowers cholesterol levels in a dose-dependent manner. The effect of rosuvastatin on cholesterol levels is dose-dependent
REFUTED. Amantadine and rimantadine are not effective in preventing or treating influenza A in children and the elderly. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has not approved the use of amant
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of home haemodialysis over in-centre haemodialysis for patients with end-stage kidney disease. The choice
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: B). Active warming effectively reduces the time to achieve normal body temperature in patients with postoperative hypothermia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend that patients with intermediate or high-risk pulmonary embolism should be treated in the hospital, while
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that more extensive sinus surgery is better than isolated nasal polypectomy for treating chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. The choice of surgical
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Oral immunotherapy (OIT) is a well-established treatment for food allergies. It involves consuming gradually increasing doses of the allergen under medical supervision with
SUPPORTED. Reminder systems improve attendance at tuberculosis treatment appointments. Reminders can be in the form of telephone calls, text messages, home visits, or community-based systems . A systematic review of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different classes of antibiotics provide similar benefits for women undergoing caesarean section.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is no evidence that chemotherapy combined with cetuximab is more effective than chemotherapy alone for treating advanced non-small cell lung cancer. The CALGB 900
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Integrated PET-CT is effective for accurately staging mediastinal lymph nodes in patients with suspected non-small cell lung cancer. Integrated PET-CT is a non
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of uricosuric medications in the treatment of chronic gout. The current guidelines recommend the use of uricosuric medications in the treatment of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aspiration and sclerotherapy are minimally invasive procedures that can be used to treat hydrocele. However,
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of corticosteroids in the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis is controversial. Some studies have shown that
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. There are effective interventions to improve upper limb function after stroke.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Aerobic physical exercise improves the quality of life for adults with haematological malignancies.
SUPPORTED. The hepatitis B vaccine is effective in preventing hepatitis B infection in infants. The vaccine is safe and effective in pregnant women and their infants. The vaccine is recommended for all infants, regardless
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Somatoform disorders are defined in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5) as a group of disorders characterized by physical symptoms that cannot be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the type of anaesthetic technique used during surgery affects the long-term prognosis for patients with malignant tumours.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological interventions to prevent job loss in patients with inflammatory arthritis.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Standardized weaning protocols reduce the duration of mechanical ventilation in critically ill adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic antibiotics during labor to prevent infections related to meconium-stained amniotic fluid. The use of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions in subsequent pregnancies for women with previous anal sphincter injury.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on this topic. The only available information is the clinical trial registered in the ClinicalTrials.gov database (NCT03878305)
REFUTED: There is no evidence that restricting or banning alcohol advertising reduces alcohol consumption.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral calorie supplements to improve nutritional intake in people with cystic fibrosis. The current evidence is limited to case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of non-pharmacological interventions for treating somatoform disorders and medically unexplained physical symptoms.
SUPPORTED. Imiquimod is an effective treatment for anogenital warts in non-immunocompromised adults . Imiquimod is a topical cream that stimulates the immune system to fight against the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ambroxol to prevent respiratory distress syndrome in newborns when given to pregnant women at risk of preterm birth.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The choice of triggering is based on the preference of the clinician and the patient. The choice of triggering is based on the
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cilostazol improves walking distance in patients with intermittent claudication. Cilostazol is a phosphodiesterase 3 inhibitor that increases
SUPPORTED. Eculizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to the C5 complement protein, preventing its cleavage into C5a and C5b. It is approved for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of colony-stimulating factors in patients with chemotherapy-induced febrile neutropenia is supported by the current clinical research. However, the question of whether the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of self-expanding metal stent insertion for relieving dysphagia in patients with oesophageal cancer. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Prenatal exposure to antiepileptic drugs is associated with an increased risk of neurodevelopmental disorders in children. The risk is highest for valproate exposure, followed by carb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of quantitative cultures of respiratory secretions to diagnose ventilator-associated pneumonia is not supported by the current evidence. However, the use of quantitative
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The MTBDRsl test is effective for detecting drug resistance in tuberculosis. The MTBDRsl test is a rapid molecular test that can detect resistance to rifampicin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether antibiotics improve outcomes for mothers and babies with prelabour rupture of membranes at term. The Cochrane review by Caughe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best surgical approach for treating pectus excavatum. The choice of surgical approach depends on the severity of the deformity, the age
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Antenatal syphilis screening is associated with improved treatment rates and reduced perinatal mortality .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Aquatic exercise training is beneficial for adults with fibromyalgia.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of prophylactic antibiotics in women undergoing cesarean section reduces the risk of infection. The use of prophylactic antibiotics in women undergoing ces
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the use of deferasirox in patients with myelodysplastic syndrome found that the current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of advanced sperm selection techniques in assisted reproductive technologies. The use of advanced sperm selection techniques in assisted reproductive technologies is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that decongestants, antihistamines, or nasal irrigation are effective in treating acute sinusitis in children. Antibiotics are not recommended for acute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics to prevent ventilator-associated pneumonia in ICU patients. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that treatment for Burkholderia cepacia complex infections in cystic fibrosis leads to eradication or delay chronic infection. The current treatment options are
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The effectiveness of school tobacco policies in preventing smoking initiation among students has been demonstrated in several studies. A systematic review of 100 studies found that school-based tobacco prevention programs can
SUPPORTED. . Anti-VEGF therapy has been shown to improve vision in patients with diabetic macular oedema.
REFUTED. The use of COX-2 inhibitors is associated with an increased risk of adverse cardiovascular events and gastrointestinal complications in patients with inflammatory bowel disease. Therefore,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of pharmacological therapy for treating sleep bruxism is still controversial. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Astragalus is a traditional Chinese herbal medicine that has been used for thousands of years to treat various diseases. It is also used as a dietary supplement in many countries. Astrag
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of laparoscopic or hysteroscopic myomectomy over open myomectomy in terms of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of interventions for managing asthma in pregnancy to improve outcomes for mothers and their babies.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pegloticase is a recombinant form of uricase, an enzyme that catalyzes the oxidation of uric acid to 5-hydroxy
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Acupuncture has been shown to have antipsychotic effects for people with schizophrenia. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  showed that there was no evidence to support the use of prophyl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (yes). The use of immunosuppressive treatment in adults with idiopathic membranous nephropathy and nephrotic syndrome is effective.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of beta-blockers for secondary prevention of stroke
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral adsorbents in the prevention or delay of the progression of chronic kidney disease. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation is effective and safe for treating severe transfusion-dependent ß-thalassemia . The only curative treatment for severe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-nutritive sucking to reduce gastro-oesophageal reflux disease in preterm and low birth weight inf
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Allopurinol is effective for treating chronic gout compared to placebo and other therapies . Allopurinol is a urate-lowering therapy (ULT) that is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review published in 2018  included 10 studies on the effectiveness of psychological interventions for cannabis use in people
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. Acetylcholinesterase inhibitors are not effective for treating myasthenia gravis. The use of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors in the treatment of myasthenia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vasodilators to improve the chances of successful pregnancies in women undergoing fertility treatment.
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy is effective for people with cystic fibrosis. Pancreatic enzyme replacement therapy is effective in improving weight gain, nutritional
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that antibiotic prophylaxis reduces the risk of infection
EFFECTIVE: Yes, manual acupuncture or electroacupuncture is effective for treating functional dyspepsia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Malaria chemoprevention during pregnancy is not recommended by the WHO due to lack of evidence. However, there is evidence that intermittent preventive treatment (IPTp)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Intranasal fentanyl is a safe and effective method for pain management in children undergoing minor procedures. However, there is insufficient evidence to support its use in acute pain
SUPPORTED. The hepatitis B vaccine is effective in people living with HIV. The hepatitis B vaccine is safe and effective in preventing hepatitis B infection in people living with HIV, including those on antiret
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has not been conducted on the effectiveness of antiepileptic drugs in preventing seizures in patients with viral
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of virtual reality to improve treatment compliance in people with serious mental illness.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 RCTs with 1,126
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) conducted in 2017 compared the effectiveness of heparin and normal saline
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is currently no gene therapy approved for the treatment of sickle cell disease. However, there are ongoing clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of gene therapy in patients with sickle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of high dose rate brachytherapy over low dose rate brachytherapy for women with cervical cancer. A recent meta-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the timing of epidural analgesia during labor affects maternal and fetal outcomes. The timing of epidural analgesia during labor is a complex
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of androgen therapy for the treatment of anaemia in adults with chronic kidney disease is not recommended due to the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inhaled corticosteroids are not recommended for treating cystic fibrosis. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of inhaled cortic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that high-potency perphenazine is more effective than low-potency first-generation antipsychotics for treating schizophrenia. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  included 11 RCTs with 10,13
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at improving appropriate polypharmacy in reducing medication-related problems in older people.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fetal pulse oximetry to reduce caesarean section rates. The use of pulse oximetry is not recommended by the World Health
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 RCTs with a total of 1,03
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anabolic steroids to improve recovery outcomes after hip fracture surgery in older people. The current evidence is limited to one randomized controlled trial
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Pulmonary rehabilitation improves exercise capacity and quality of life in patients with interstitial lung disease.
SUPPORTED. Antiretroviral prophylaxis is effective in preventing mother-to-child transmission of HIV during breastfeeding. The WHO recommends that HIV-positive mothers without suppressive antiret
SUPPORTED. (clobazam is effective as a monotherapy for new-onset seizures) . Clobazam is a 1,5-benzodiazepine with anticonvulsant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether fetal assessment methods improve neonatal and maternal outcomes in cases of preterm prelabour rupture of membranes. The current research does
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that omentoplasty reduces the risk of anastomotic leakage after oesophagectomy for oesophageal cancer. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics before amniotomy to prevent infections in mothers and infants. The use of antibiotics before amniotomy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 studies (10 observational studies and 1 randomized controlled trial) including 10
REFUTED. The selective inclusion or reporting of outcomes in systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials is not common. The Cochrane Handbook recommends that authors of systematic reviews should explicitly state the outcomes that were reported in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: REFUTED. There is no evidence that azapirones are effective in treating panic disorder. Azapirones are not recommended for panic disorder.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that surgical treatment improves urinary incontinence after prostate surgery. The surgical treatment of prostate cancer is associated with a high risk of urinary incontinence. The risk
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . Repeated use of hormonal contraception is effective and safe for preventing pregnancy. The use of hormonal contraception is associated with a low risk of adverse effects.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that centre-based day care improves the development and well-being of children in low- and middle-income countries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The question is too broad and there is not enough research on the effects of centre-based day care on the development and well-being of children
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Desipramine is a tricyclic antidepressant that has been used to treat chronic neuropathic pain in adults. However, the effectiveness of desipramine for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Antiangiogenic therapy improves survival in patients with high-grade glioma .
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Clinical pathways are effective in managing chronic cough in children. Clinical pathways are a set of guidelines that outline the steps and procedures for managing a specific condition. They can help to standardize
REFUTED. There is no evidence that tricyclic antidepressants are effective in treating ADHD symptoms in children and adolescents. In fact, there is evidence that tricyclic antidepressants are
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIg) is effective in the treatment of Guillain-Barré syndrome. The Cochrane review of 20
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Aclidinium bromide is effective for managing stable COPD. Aclidinium bromide is a long-acting anticholinergic bronchodilator
LABEL: REFUTED. Codeine is not effective and safe for relieving cancer pain. Codeine is an opioid analgesic that is commonly used to treat mild to moderate pain. However, it has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of intracystic bleomycin for treating cystic craniopharyngiomas in children. However, there is some evidence that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of beta-blockers to reduce surgery-related complications in patients undergoing general anaesthesia. However, there is some evidence that
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Certolizumab pegol is effective for treating rheumatoid arthritis in patients who haven't responded well to other treatments. Certolizumab pegol
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The efficacy of immediate-release methylphenidate in treating adults with ADHD has been demonstrated in several randomized controlled trials (RCTs) [1, 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique that uses magnetic fields to stimulate nerve cells in the brain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no published data on the use of antigen-specific active immunotherapy for ovarian cancer. However, there is evidence that peptide vaccines can be used to treat
SUPPORTED. Opioids provide significant pain relief for people with knee or hip osteoarthritis compared to placebo. The use of opioids for the treatment of osteoarthritis is controversial.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that preoperative skin preparation reduces the risk of infection after a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effectiveness and safety of acellular pertussis vaccines compared to whole-cell vaccines for children are not well studied.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of NSAIDs for the treatment of acute gout. The current guidelines recommend the use of colchicine as the first-line treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Interventions to improve healthcare professionals' use of shared decision making are effective.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of rapid viral testing in children with acute respiratory infections to reduce antibiotic use in Emergency Departments.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that chemotherapy improves outcomes for patients with severe Kaposi's sarcoma. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the hypothesis that chemotherapy improves
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chlorhexidine vaginal douching during labor to reduce maternal and neonatal infections. The Cochrane review by
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
RATIONALE: The question is based on the assumption that sevoflurane is more likely to cause emergence agitation than other anaesthetic agents. However, there is no evidence that sevoflurane
REFUTED. There is no evidence that CPR before defibrillation improves survival rates in out-of-hospital cardiac arrest. The current guidelines recommend that defibrillation should be performed as soon as possible
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Antidepressants are effective for treating postnatal depression compared to other treatments. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The PFAPA syndrome is a rare disease, and the number of patients is limited. The current research is mainly case reports
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Artemisinin-based combination therapy (ACT) is the recommended treatment for severe malaria. However, ACT is not available in injectable formulation. Intramuscular art
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different catheter designs or techniques reduce the incidence of urinary tract infections in people using intermittent catheterisation.
SUPPORTED. Pre-hospital thrombolysis improves outcomes for patients with STEMI compared to in-hospital thrombolysis. The time from the onset of symptoms to the start of reperfusion therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cervical cerclage in multiple gestations. The use of cervical cerclage in multiple gestations is not recommended by the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Intravenous lorazepam is the first-line treatment for status epilepticus. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous l
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of automated weaning with SmartCare™ to reduce weaning time in critically ill adults. A systematic review by Khalil et al.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of compression hosiery in the prevention of venous ulcer recurrence. However, compression hosiery is recommended for the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antiseptic solutions to clean the vagina before cesarean delivery in reducing the risk of maternal infections.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2012 included 11 RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no oral NTHi vaccine available. The only NTHi vaccine tested in clinical trials is a parenteral vaccine, which is not effective in preventing acute exacerb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of glutamine supplementation to reduce infection rates in critically ill adults. Glutamine is an important amino acid that plays a crucial role
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that routine follow-up after treatment for ovarian cancer improves survival compared to waiting for symptoms. However, there is insufficient evidence to conclude that routine follow-up
SUPPORTED. Self-management education can improve health outcomes for patients with cystic fibrosis and their caregivers. (The Cochrane review of self-management education in cystic fibrosis found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness of vaginal dilation therapy in preventing vaginal sten
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing oocyte vitrification and oocyte slow
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether treating asymptomatic retinal breaks and lattice degeneration is effective in preventing retinal det
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of antifungal prophylaxis in neutropenic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether nasal intermittent positive pressure ventilation reduces the need for additional ventilatory support in preterm infants compared to nasal continuous positive air
SUPPORTED. Anthracyclines are the backbone of chemotherapy in childhood cancer. They are used in a variety of cancers including leukemia, lymphoma, sarcoma, and solid tum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of culturally appropriate health education in improving diabetes management in ethnic minority groups.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials comparing minimally invasive discectomy with standard discectomy for treating lum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Multidisciplinary biopsychosocial rehabilitation is effective for patients with chronic low back pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment method for simple bone cysts in children. The treatment of simple bone cysts in children is challenging and the optimal treatment is still controversial. The treatment options
SUPPORTED. (early statin treatment improves survival and reduces heart events in patients with acute coronary syndrome) . The use of statins in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) has been shown
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Corticosteroids are effective in reducing mortality and morbidity in acute exacerbations of COPD.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of wound dressings to prevent surgical site infections in healing surgical wounds. However, there is evidence that wound dressings can reduce the risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of interleukin-1 inhibitors for acute gout flares. Current evidence is limited to case reports and case series. A random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . CTA and MRA are effective alternatives to IADSA for detecting intracranial vascular malformations. However, the sensitivity and specificity of CTA and MRA
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Telephone counselling can help reduce depressive symptoms in carers of people with dementia. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that flupenthixol and low-potency antipsychotics have different effects on clinical response in schizophrenia.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers lower blood pressure consistently over 24 hours in people with hypertension. Dihydropyridine calcium channel blockers are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of endovascular stent grafts for asymptomatic popliteal artery aneurysms. The current evidence is limited to case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that removing endometrial polyps improves fertility in subfertile women. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
SUPPORTED. Primary thromboprophylaxis with LMWH reduces the risk of VTE in cancer patients receiving chemotherapy . LMWH is recommended for primary thromboprophylaxis in cancer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Anti-VEGF agents improve vision in patients with neovascular AMD compared to no treatment. The CATT study showed that monthly ranibizumab injections were superior to no treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Acquired hemophilia A is a rare bleeding disorder that occurs in people without a family history of hemophilia. The cause of acquired hemophilia A is unknown, but it is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of colchicine in the prevention of recurrent pericarditis. The use of colchicine in the prevention of recurrent per
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Methotrexate is not recommended for induction of remission in patients with ulcerative colitis. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of haemodilution therapy in acute ischaemic stroke. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of interventions to prevent embryo loss after transfer in IVF and ICSI. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Methotrexate is not recommended for maintenance of remission in Crohn's disease. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of methotre
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend ACE inhibitors as the first choice for hypertension treatment. However, there is no evidence that AR
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The ATLS program has been shown to improve knowledge, skills, and attitudes of participants, but there is insufficient evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that advanced life support training for ambulance crews improves outcomes for trauma patients. However, there is also no evidence that it does not improve outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidants in reducing pain in patients with chronic pancreatitis. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that there was no difference in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of motivational interviewing in reducing alcohol misuse among young adults. A systematic review of 11 studies found that motivational interviewing was effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Dental auxiliaries are not as effective as dentists in providing oral health care. However, they can be trained to perform certain tasks under the supervision of dentists.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend the use of mild hypothermia for patients with traumatic brain injury. However, the guidelines
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prescription spectacles to prevent strabismus in infants and children with hyperopia. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether prescription spect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of exit interview strategies in reducing turnover rates among healthcare professionals. However, the current research suggests that exit interviews can provide valuable feedback and insights into the
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Magnesium sulphate is effective in preventing preterm birth in women in threatened preterm labour. Magnesium sulphate is the only drug that has been shown to be effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The relationship between periodontal disease and cardiovascular disease is complex and multifactorial. While some studies have suggested that periodontal therapy may improve cardiovascular disease outcomes, the
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Colchicine is effective in treating acute gout. Colchicine is a medication that has been used to treat gout for over 60 years. It is a micro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of urate oxidase in preventing tumor lysis syndrome in children with malignancies.
SUPPORTED. Exercise training reduces overall cardiovascular risk in people with multiple risk factors. Exercise training is effective in reducing the risk of cardiovascular disease in people with multiple risk factors, including high blood pressure, high
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hypnosis for inducing labour. A Cochrane review published in 2019 found that there is a lack of high-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that modifications in the transfer set used in CAPD exchanges reduce peritonitis. The current literature does not provide sufficient evidence to support this
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that the Ponseti technique is more effective than other methods for treating clubfoot. The Ponseti method is the most commonly used method for treating clubfoot,
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Pharmacological interventions, including melatonin, modafinil, and caffeine, have been shown to help reduce sleepiness and improve sleep quality for shift workers. Mel
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is not sufficient to determine whether closing the peritoneum during a caesarean section leads to better postoper
SUPPORTED. Bariatric surgery is a more effective treatment for weight loss and improvement of obesity-related health issues compared to non-surgical treatments .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Vedolizumab is effective for treating ulcerative colitis. Vedolizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to the α4β7 integr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of orthodontic treatment for correcting posterior crossbites.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that antioxidants improve lung function in cystic fibrosis patients. However, there is some evidence that antioxidants may help reduce ox
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Methotrexate is effective for inducing remission in patients with active Crohn's disease. The efficacy of methotrexate in inducing remission
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Praziquantel is not licensed for use in humans for the treatment of urinary schistosomiasis. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current clinical research has not provided sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness and safety of GABA receptor agonists
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  found that the evidence for the effectiveness of pneumococcal vaccination in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the duration of vitamin K antagonist treatment affects the risk of recurrent venous thromboembolism. The optimal duration of treatment
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Topical antifungal treatments are effective for tinea cruris and tinea corporis. The most effective topical antifungal treatments for tinea cruris and t
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence in the literature that wearing rings or nail polish by surgical teams affects the rate of postoperative wound infections. However, it is recommended that surgeons do not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Fluphenazine is more effective than low-potency antipsychotics for treating schizophrenia. The meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of low-dose aspirin in the treatment of giant cell arteritis is not recommended in the current guidelines.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral antiviral drugs, such as acyclovir, valacyclovir, and famciclovir, have been shown to effectively reduce the frequency and severity of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiepileptic drugs in the prevention of seizures in people with intracranial venous thrombosis. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is based on a single randomized controlled trial (RCT) that compared the efficacy of azathiopr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anticholinergics in children hospitalized with acute asthma exacerbations. The use of anticholinerg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has shown that both methods are safe and effective. However, the evidence is insufficient to determine which method is more effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that nalbuphine was effective in reducing pain scores
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the preferred method for securing the endotracheal tube in ventilated neonates. The most common methods are adhesive tape, micromite
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of minimally invasive techniques for treating varicose veins over open surgery. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether minimally invasive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that expressing and storing breast milk during late pregnancy benefits women with diabetes. However, it is generally recommended for all pregnant women to express and store
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best treatment for femoral shaft fractures in children. The choice of treatment is based on the type of fracture, the age of the child, and the experience
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of evidence on the effectiveness of community-level interventions aimed at increasing condom use in reducing the transmission of HIV and ST
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous or extended-cycle hormonal contraceptives over traditional cyclic dosing. The current research on this topic is limited and the quality
SUPPORTED. Thrombolytic therapy is an effective treatment for acute ischaemic stroke when administered within six hours .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of any specific surgical technique for wisdom tooth extraction over other techniques. The choice of surgical technique should be based on the clinical situation and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antimetabolites used during cataract surgery help maintain the success of a previous trabeculectomy. The use of antimetabolites during cataract
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend intravenous antibiotics for the treatment of acute pyelonephritis in children. Oral
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of appetite stimulants for managing anorexia in cystic fibrosis patients. The use of appetite stimulants in cyst
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. PRO 140 is a monoclonal antibody that binds to the CD4 receptor on the surface of T cells. It is currently being studied as a potential treatment for
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The efficacy of IFNs-beta and glatiramer acetate is similar in treating rel
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Botulinum toxin A is effective and safe for treating myofascial pain syndrome .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A randomized controlled trial comparing mycophenolate mofetil and methotrexate for preventing complications after stem cell
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that topical lidocaine was effective for treating neurop
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . Statins are effective and safe for children with familial hypercholesterolemia. The use of statins in children with familial hypercholesterolemia
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Bisphosphonates are effective in increasing bone mineral density and reducing fractures in people with osteogenesis imperfecta.
SUPPORTED. (11)C-PIB-PET scan is effective in diagnosing early Alzheimer's disease dementia. The (11)C-PIB-PET scan is a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different techniques for performing a Caesarean section affect maternal and infant health outcomes. The current research does not provide enough information to support or refute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of one type of dental implant over another in the long term. The long-term success rate of dental implants is generally high, regardless
SUPPORTED. Tiotropium improves the quality of life and reduces exacerbations in patients with COPD compared to placebo .
RATIONALE: Ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm (RAAA) is a life-threatening condition that requires urgent surgical intervention. The traditional treatment for RAAA is open surgical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Oscillating positive expiratory pressure (OPEP) is a technique that uses a device to generate oscillations during ex
SUPPORTED. (moderate evidence). Exercise programs are effective in improving walking ability for people with leg pain from intermittent claudication.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the speed of subcutaneous heparin injection affects pain and bruising at the injection site.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Felbamate is effective as an add-on treatment for refractory partial-onset epilepsy . The efficacy of felbamate as an add-on treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of air or saline for identifying the epid
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Water-based exercise is effective and safe for adults with asthma.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of the method of intragastric tube feeding on gastro-oesophageal reflux disease in preterm and low birth weight inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  included 11 RCTs with 1,126
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The use of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) is the most effective treatment for asthma. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The question is too broad and there are many different types of non-physician anaesthetists. Some studies have shown that non-
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Hearing aids are the most effective treatment for hearing loss, but their adoption is low. Interventions to promote hearing aid use can improve hearing aid adoption and hearing outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  compared the effects of mannitol and hypertonic saline on brain relaxation during
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Phototherapy is not a standard treatment for pressure ulcers. However, it may be used as an adjunctive therapy to enhance wound healing. The evidence for its effectiveness is limited and conflicting
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that drugs that reduce gastric acidity improve fat absorption in people with cystic fibrosis.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hip core decompression in the treatment of sickle cell disease and avascular necrosis of bone.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Haloperidol is more effective than low-potency antipsychotics for treating schizophrenia. The efficacy of haloperidol was first demonstrated in
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1,000 patients found that daily
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of gels and hydroflotation agents to prevent adhesions after gynaecological surgery. The use of gels and hydroflot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study (ADCS)  and the Val-HEFT trial  found no significant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that trifluoperazine and low-potency antipsychotics have different effects in treating schizophrenia. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (supported) . Cranial electrical stimulation is effective for treating acute depression. The efficacy of cranial electrical stimulation is comparable to that of antidepressant medications and other forms of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of levetiracetam for chronic neuropathic pain
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions such as patient education, reminders, and financial incentives can increase influenza vaccination rates
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate intensity aerobic exercise training is more effective than low intensity aerobic exercise training in improving walking distance for patients with intermittent claudication).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bicarbonate solutions over lactate solutions in acute peritoneal dialysis for patients with acute kidney injury.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled nitric oxide in infants and children with congenital heart disease and pulmonary hypertension after surgery. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of iron supplementation to reduce deferral and iron deficiency in blood donors. The current evidence is limited to a few small studies with conflic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The IQCODE is a screening tool for dementia, but its accuracy in primary care settings has not been well-established. Further research is needed to determine the validity of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that platinum-based therapy can cause hearing loss in children with cancer.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Short-term dynamic psychotherapy is effective for adults with common mental disorders .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in the prevention of severe dengue in children and adults. However, there is evidence that corticosteroids may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, there is evidence that task-shifting care from doctors to non-doctors can maintain the quality of HIV/A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral anticoagulants in cancer patients without a therapeutic indication. However, there is evidence that oral anticoagulants are
REFUTED. The use of non-steroidal antiandrogen monotherapy is not effective for treating advanced stages of prostate cancer compared to castration. The use of non-steroidal antiandrogen monotherapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al.  compared the safety of the laryngeal mask airway and endotr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Primaquine is not recommended as a transmission-reducing agent in malaria. However, there is evidence that it can reduce transmission when given to pregnant women in the first trimester
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of zinc supplements to prevent otitis media in children. A systematic review published in 2011 included 11 randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sentinel lymph node assessment is not routinely used in the diagnosis of groin lymph node metastasis in women with vulval cancer. The current evidence is insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The current clinical research does not support the use of systemic antibiotics for treating dental pain from symptomatic apical periodontitis or acute apical abscess. The use of systemic antib
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that both low molecular weight heparin and unfractionated heparin are effective in
SUPPORTED. (moderate) A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions to increase patient uptake of cardiac rehabilitation have a positive effect on patient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium supplementation in reducing the risk of pre-eclampsia. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends daily calcium
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effect of hormonal contraceptives on the risk of fractures in women is still controversial. Some studies have shown that the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Pharmacological maintenance treatment is effective for adolescents with opioid dependence. The most effective pharmacological treatment for adolescents with opioid dependence is not clear. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of certain nursing handover styles in improving patient outcomes in hospitals.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ambulatory oxygen therapy in COPD patients who do not qualify for long-term oxygen therapy. The current evidence is limited to a single
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ultrasound therapy is not recommended for the treatment of acute fractures in adults. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ultrasound therapy for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that oxycodone was effective in treating chronic neurop
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Varicella vaccine is effective for preventing chickenpox in non-exposed individuals. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of varicella vaccine for preventing chickenp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of vitamin D supplementation in preventing cancer in adults. However, there is a need for further research to clarify the role of vitamin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials showed that the use of ACE inhibitors or angiotensin receptor block
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Acute ankle sprains are a common injury, and the majority of patients recover within a few weeks. However, some patients experience persistent symptoms, such as pain, swelling, and functional
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend the use of low molecular weight heparin for the treatment of venous thromboembolism in cancer
SUPPORTED. Antimicrobial treatment is effective in reducing the duration of diarrhea and reducing the severity of cholera. Antimicrobial treatment is not effective in reducing the duration of vomiting
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vaginal prostaglandins E2 and F2a to improve the chances of vaginal delivery compared to placebo. The use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of minimally invasive therapies for benign thyroid nodules.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychological interventions for people with cystic fibrosis. A systematic review of psychological interventions for people with cystic fibrosis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines do not recommend partial breast irradiation as an alternative to whole breast radiation therapy after breast conservation for early-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that early referral to nephrology services improves outcomes for patients with chronic kidney disease. However, there is evidence that early referral
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intracranial neurostimulation is an effective treatment for refractory epilepsy. Intracranial neurostimulation is a type of neurosurgery that involves
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: A). BIS is a non-invasive, continuous, quantitative measure of sedation depth during anaesthesia. It is a processed EEG-derived
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . Amantadine is not recommended for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C virus infection. There is no evidence that amantadine is effective in treating chronic hepatitis C virus
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The choice between phakic intraocular lenses and excimer laser surgery for correcting moderate to high myopia depends
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bronchodilators in infants with acute bronchiolitis. The use of bronchodilators in infants with acute bron
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is not enough information to support the use of music therapy to improve social and communication skills in children with autism spectrum disorder.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There are many physiotherapy interventions for patients with Parkinson's disease, but there is no evidence to support the superiority of one
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that vitamin C and E supplementation did not improve ast
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Creatine is not effective for treating Parkinson's disease. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of creatine for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. The current research has
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . The Cochrane systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing powered toothbrushes with manual toothbrushes showed that powered toothbrushes reduce plaque more effectively
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ICT-based prompts to improve treatment compliance in people with serious mental illness. The current research has shown mixed results. A systematic review by
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The addition of radiotherapy to chemotherapy improves survival in patients with primary central nervous system lymphoma. The Radiation Therapy Oncology Group (RTOG) 0
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral misoprostol is effective for inducing labor in women with a viable fetus. The use of misoprostol for cervical ripening and labor induction is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of yoga for patients with haematological malignancies. A systematic review of 11 studies (10 RCTs and 1 non
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Trastuzumab is a monoclonal antibody that binds to the extracellular domain of the HER2 receptor and inhibits its activation. It has been shown to improve survival
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of extra fluid intake on milk production in breastfeeding mothers. However, it is recommended that breastfeeding mothers drink enough water to maintain hy
SUPPORTED. Methotrexate is a disease-modifying antirheumatic drug (DMARD) that has been used to treat rheumatoid arthritis (RA) for over
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of intrapartum antibiotics to women with GBS colonization has been shown to reduce the incidence of neonatal infections . The use of intrapartum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of automated weaning systems to reduce the duration of weaning from mechanical ventilation in critically ill patients. The use of automated weaning systems may
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Flupenthixol decanoate is effective for the treatment of schizophrenia . Flupenthixol decanoate is a long-acting antipsychotic that is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that inhaled long-acting beta2-agonists combined with inhaled corticosteroids improve symptoms in patients with bronchiectasis. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide enough information to answer this question. However, it is known that the CSF Aβ42/40 ratio is a good biomarker for predict
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that singing improves the quality of life for people with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2012  included 11 RCTs with 1,039
EFFECTIVE: (yes). A cholesterol-lowering diet is effective in reducing heart disease and cholesterol levels in people with familial hypercholesterolaemia. A cholesterol-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxytocin receptor antagonists in prolonging pregnancy for women in preterm labour. The use of oxytocin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The use of immunosuppressive T-cell antibody induction therapy in liver transplant recipients is not well studied. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium channel blockers in women with preterm labor. The use of calcium channel blockers in women with preterm labor is not recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a treatment option for recurrent respiratory papillomatosis (RRP) . However, the evidence for its efficacy is limited
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral anticoagulants to improve survival in cancer patients without a therapeutic need for anticoagulation. The use of oral ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Aloe vera in the prevention or treatment of infusion phlebitis in patients with intravenous access. Aloe vera has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that retroperitoneal drainage reduces complications after pelvic lymphadenectomy in gynaecological cancer patients. The use of retroperit
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2019  included 11 studies (n = 1001) and found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is not enough information to answer this question. A Cochrane review published in 2018  found that there is currently insufficient evidence to determine whether printed self-help
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Mini-sling procedures are effective in improving continence status for women with urinary incontinence. The mini-sling procedure is a relatively new surgical technique for treating urinary in
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Statins reduce the risk of death and major cardiovascular events in adults with chronic kidney disease. The benefits of statins in patients with chronic kidney disease are similar to those in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of longer-acting erythropoiesis-stimulating agents as effective and safe as traditional treatments for anemia in dial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence from randomized controlled trials to support or refute the use of rectal artesunate in the pre-referral treatment of severe malaria. The World Health Organization recomm
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Thiazide diuretics lower blood pressure more effectively at higher doses compared to placebo. The Cochrane review of thiazide diuretics for hypertension
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that trypanocidal therapy prevents chronic chagasic cardiomyopathy in infected individuals. However, there is also no evidence that trypanocidal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium is a mineral that is important for many biological processes in the body, including muscle function, nerve transmission, and blood pressure regulation. It is also a natural bronchodilator and
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Sumatriptan is an effective treatment for acute migraine attacks. Sumatriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist that is effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A T-tube is a device that is placed at the end of a tracheostomy tube to allow for spontaneous breathing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The systematic review by Liu et al. 2019  showed that interventions aimed at improving sit-to-stand ability after stroke have a beneficial effect. The systematic review by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  included 11 RCTs with 2,799
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, the World Health Organization (WHO) recommends that antiretroviral therapy (ART) should be started in all
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of palivizumab in children with cystic fibrosis. A randomised controlled trial was conducted to evaluate the effic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. (The current clinical research supports the use of zolmitriptan in the treatment of acute migraine attacks in adults.)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effect of hormonal contraception on the risk of acquiring HIV. However, there is evidence that hormonal contraception does not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that written emotional disclosure improves the quality of life for people with asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Imipramine is a tricyclic antidepressant that has been used to treat chronic neuropathic pain in adults. However, the effectiveness of imipramine for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical anti-inflammatory treatments for seborrhoeic dermatitis in adolescents and adults. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence for or against the use of primary endocrine therapy in women aged 70 and over with operable breast cancer. The current literature is limited to studies that include younger
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of prostaglandins for the management of retained placenta is not supported by the current clinical research. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that stenting is more effective than angioplasty alone for subclavian artery stenosis. However, stenting is often preferred over ang
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that postoperative chemotherapy combined with radiotherapy improves outcomes for patients with anaplastic oligodendrogliomas or mixed oligoastrocy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of adjuvant chemotherapy in women with advanced endometrial cancer. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether adjuvant chemotherapy is more effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific type of dressing or topical agent for the management of fungating malignant wounds. The use of topical antifung
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of low-dose vitamin K to improve anticoagulation control in patients taking warfarin. The use of low-dose vit
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of customised growth charts over population-based growth charts for detecting fetal growth issues in pregnant women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of zinc supplementation to prevent illness or promote growth in children. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends zinc supplementation for children
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pericyazine is an antipsychotic drug that was introduced in the 1950s. It was used to treat schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the efficacy and safety of he
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
SUPPORTED. Femoral nerve block provides better pain relief after knee replacement surgery compared to other pain management techniques .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of vitamin D supplementation in cystic fibrosis patients found no randomized controlled trials on this topic .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Liu et al.  showed that there is no significant difference in exercise capacity between the NIV and control
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Pelvic floor muscle training is effective for women with urinary incontinence. Pelvic floor muscle training is effective for women with urinary incontinence. Pelvic floor muscle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Intermittent pneumatic compression is a mechanical method that can increase blood flow and reduce venous stasis. It is often used to prevent deep vein thrombosis in patients under
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of inhaled hyperosmolar substances in the treatment of bronchiectasis. A Cochrane review published in 2018
RATIONALE: Antimicrobial prophylaxis is used to prevent surgical site infections (SSI) in colorectal surgery. The use of antimicrobial prophylaxis in colore
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of audio-visual interventions to improve informed consent for clinical trial participants.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of single-dose etoricoxib is supported by clinical research. A randomized, double-blind, parallel-group study was conducted to compare the analgesic effic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nitric oxide donors in delaying birth during threatened preterm labour. A Cochrane review in 2016  included
SUPPORTED. Heparin thromboprophylaxis reduces the risk of DVT in acutely ill medical patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is focused on the use of high-flow oxygen therapy in patients with hypoxemia. The use of low-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that anticoagulant drugs improve walking capacity in patients with intermittent claudication. However, there is evidence that anticoagulant drugs improve walking distance
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of acupuncture for epilepsy found that the evidence was
ENOUGH INFORMATION.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence). Psychological therapies are effective in reducing pain and disability in children with chronic pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of neostigmine to prevent residual neuromuscular blockade in paediatric patients. However, the use of neost
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kajimoto et al.  showed that there is no consensus on the optimal fluid resuscitation strategy in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cultural competence education for health professionals is a complex and multifaceted concept that encompasses a range of knowledge, skills, and attitudes that health professionals need to effectively care for patients from
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Aminoadamantanes are not used in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C infection.
REFUTED. Carbamazepine is not recommended for the treatment of schizophrenia. The use of carbamazepine for the treatment of schizophrenia is not supported by the current evidence. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the use of mucolytic agents in the treatment of bronchiectasis. The current guidelines do not recommend the use of mucolytic agents in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of stroke service interventions on adherence to secondary stroke prevention strategies.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Anti-VEGF therapies have been shown to improve visual outcomes in patients with macular oedema due to CRVO. The CERAVISTE study showed that intravit
SUPPORTED. Accommodative intraocular lenses improve near vision after cataract surgery compared to standard monofocal lenses. Accommodative intraocular lenses are designed to mimic the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of hormonal contraceptives on carbohydrate metabolism in healthy women. However, there are some studies that have shown that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment for fingertip entrapment injuries in children. The treatment of fingertip injuries depends on the type of injury and the duration of the entrapment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of any technique for blood glucose monitoring in pregnant women with pre-existing diabetes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The systematic review by Watt et al. 2015 1 showed that there is a lack of high-quality evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The study design can impact the effectiveness estimates of treatments, but the impact of study design on the effectiveness estimates of treatments is not well understood.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Oral contraceptives are not recommended for the treatment of functional ovarian cysts. However, they may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of aldosterone antagonists on proteinuria in patients with chronic kidney disease is still controversial. Some studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that autologous adult bone marrow-derived stem cells improve outcomes in chronic ischaemic heart disease and heart failure. However, there is some evidence that autolog
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions targeting healthcare consumers to improve the safe and effective use of medicines. However, there is some evidence that patient education and counseling
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Gabapentin is effective for treating neuropathic pain, but not fibromyalgia. Gabapentin is a drug that is used to treat neuropathic pain, which
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise-based rehabilitation improves health-related quality of life for people with heart failure. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials with 1,00
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of erythropoietin for reducing the need for blood transfusions in preterm infants. The Cochrane review by Oh
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Peritonitis is a common complication of peritoneal dialysis. The preferred treatment for peritonitis associated with peritoneal dialysis is antibiotics. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Immune tolerance induction (ITI) is a process that aims to induce a state of non-reactivity of the immune system to a specific antigen, such as factor VIII or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that medically assisted hydration improves the quality or length of life in palliative care patients. However, there is evidence that medically assisted hydr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of late administration of erythropoietin in preterm infants to reduce the need for blood transfusions. The Cochrane
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that land-based therapeutic exercise is beneficial for people with hip osteoarthritis. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs
SUPPORTED. Physical rehabilitation is effective for recovery of function and mobility after a stroke. (The Cochrane review of randomized controlled trials of physical rehabilitation after stroke found that physical rehabilitation is effective for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no standard treatment for granulosa cell tumours of the ovary. The treatment is based on the stage of the disease and the patient's preferences. The most common treatment is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that higher protein intake improves growth in formula-fed low birth weight infants. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question
REFUTED. There is evidence that donor breast milk is superior to formula in terms of growth in preterm and low birth weight infants. A meta-analysis of 12 randomized controlled trials including 1,2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of physical activity programs to improve bone mineralization and growth in preterm infants.
SUPPORTED. Kangaroo mother care (KMC) is a cost-effective and safe intervention for low birthweight infants that can reduce mortality and morbidity, improve growth, and promote breastfeeding .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Providing information to people with multiple sclerosis improves their knowledge about the disease. Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic inflammatory disease of the central
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Rapid diagnostic tests (RDTs) for malaria have been shown to improve health outcomes compared to clinical diagnosis alone. A systematic review of 14 studies found that RDTs reduced
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The Health Promoting Schools (HPS) framework is a framework for schools to create a supportive environment for students to make healthy choices. The framework includes six components: (1) school policy,
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Fixed-dose combination therapy of statin with other lipid-lowering agents (e.g., ezetimibe) is effective in reducing cardiovascular disease events and improving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current evidence is limited to observational studies. The results are contradictory. Some studies suggest that planned home care is safe,
SUPPORTED. Vitamin D and calcium supplements can help prevent fractures in older adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, the use of indwelling bladder catheters during and after cesarean sections is not recommended due to the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The efficacy of sulpiride in the treatment of schizophrenia is supported by several randomized controlled trials (RCTs) [1, 2]. In
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Brief cognitive behavioural therapy is effective for people with schizophrenia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of ECT in patients with depression found that the majority of studies used thiopental as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics in the prevention of severe NEC and sepsis in preterm infants. The current evidence is conflicting and the quality
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The IQCODE is a screening tool for cognitive impairment, but it is not clear whether it can be used to detect dementia in older adults without prior cognitive assessment. The I
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that carbamazepine was effective in treating neuropath
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . Neuraminidase inhibitors are effective in reducing the duration of symptoms and the risk of complications in adults and children over 1 year of age. However, there is insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of sodium transport blockers on respiratory condition in people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence that sodium transport block
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 18 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that tai chi had a positive effect on card
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of one type of incision over another in below knee amputation. The current literature is inconclusive and does not provide enough information to make a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents in the treatment of cervical intraepithelial neoplasia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of screening for peripheral arterial disease in asymptomatic individuals. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether screening for peripheral arter
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Nitazoxanide is an antiparasitic and antiviral drug. It is used to treat parasitic infections caused by Cryptosporidium par
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of repositioning to prevent pressure ulcers. Repositioning is a common practice in clinical care, but there is insufficient evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Paroxetine is effective in treating Major Depressive Disorder compared to other antidepressants. Paroxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium is an essential mineral for human health and is involved in many physiological processes. Magnesium supplementation during pregnancy is a controversial issue. Some studies have suggested that magnes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018 included 11 studies and found that there was no consensus on the effectiveness of antib
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Pneumococcal conjugate vaccines have been shown to reduce the incidence of acute otitis media in children. The Cochrane review of 14 randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in the stone clearance rate between
SUPPORTED. Passive immunisation is effective at preventing measles in exposed individuals. Measles-containing vaccine (MCV) is the most effective method of preventing measles. However, in the absence of vacc
SUPPORTED. Hip protectors reduce the risk of hip fractures in older adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that resin composite fillings are less effective than amalgam fillings for posterior teeth. The effectiveness of resin composite fillings is similar to that of amalgam
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of CT cerebral angiography as a confirmatory test for diagnosing brain death. However, the use
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The use of different analgesics can help reduce pain after laparoscopic cholecystectomy. The use of different analgesics can help reduce
SUPPORTED. Alpha2-adrenergic agonists are effective in managing opioid withdrawal symptoms. Clonidine and lofexidine are effective in reducing the severity of opioid withdrawal symptoms
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Darbepoetin alfa is effective in treating anaemia in patients with chronic kidney disease. Darbepoetin alfa is a recombinant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of selenium supplements to prevent cancer in humans. The evidence from the SELECT trial does not support the use of selenium supplements
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of behavioral interventions to improve the use of dual-method contraception. However, there is evidence that behavioral interventions can improve the
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine whether
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of amnioinfusion for preterm premature rupture of membranes. The current evidence is limited to small observational studies and case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Direct thrombin inhibitors are as effective as vitamin K antagonists for preventing vascular deaths and ischaemic events in people with non-valvular atrial fibrill
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that general physical healthcare advice improves health outcomes for people with serious mental illness.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of preoperative smoking interventions in reducing postoperative complications.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of biocompatible peritoneal dialysis solutions in patients with end-stage renal disease. The current evidence is limited to small random
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Long-acting inhalers are more effective than short-acting therapies for managing COPD symptoms. Long-acting inhalers are more effective than short-acting therap
SUPPORTED. There is sufficient evidence that interventions are effective in reducing children's exposure to cigarette smoke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the optimal method for administering local anaesthetic during laparoscopic cholecystectomy. The current literature is
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Self-management interventions have been shown to improve health outcomes in patients with COPD. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that self-management
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of systemic corticosteroids for acute sin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  included 10 RCTs with 1006 inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sleep disorders are common in people with Alzheimer's disease, and they can have a negative impact on both the patient and their caregivers. However, there is currently insufficient evidence
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based). The Theory of Mind model is a psychological model that explains the development of social skills in children with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). It suggests that social skills can be improved through inter
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Atherectomy is a procedure that uses a catheter-based device to remove plaque from the arterial wall. It is used to treat peripheral arterial disease (
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pulse oximetry is a non-invasive method of monitoring the oxygen saturation of the blood. It is widely used in the perioperative period to monitor the oxygenation
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of exit interview strategies in reducing turnover rates among healthcare professionals. However, the current research suggests that exit interviews can provide valuable feedback and insights into the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Active rehabilitation after lumbar disc surgery is more effective than no treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bisphosphonates in people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence that bisphosphonates are effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation reduces pain in laparoscopic cholecystectomy. Intraperitoneal local anaesthetic instillation
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Influenza vaccines are effective in preventing influenza and its complications in healthy adults, including pregnant women. Vaccination reduces the risk of influenza by 40% to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) of pregabalin as an adjunctive treatment for drug-resistant partial ep
SUPPORTED. Auditory-verbal therapy (AVT) is a type of intervention that focuses on developing spoken language skills in children with hearing impairments. The therapy is based on the premise that children with hearing imp
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. Local anaesthetic wound infiltration reduces pain in patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of anticoagulation prophylaxis with low molecular weight heparin to reduce CVC-related thrombosis in children. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The use of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) is associated with an increased risk of pneumonia in patients with COPD.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of extra gloves to prevent injuries from contaminated needles among healthcare workers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Endometriosis is a chronic disease that affects women of reproductive age. It is characterized by the presence of endometrial tissue outside the uterus, usually in the pel
SUPPORTED. Needlestick injuries are a serious occupational hazard for healthcare workers. The use of safety devices, such as needle shields, has been shown to reduce the risk of needlestick injuries in healthcare
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sulthiame is not recommended as a monotherapy for epilepsy. It is effective as an adjunctive therapy for the treatment of absence seizures in children, but it is not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support or refute this question. However, there is a systematic review that included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1 observational
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The CDC recommends annual influenza vaccination for people with CF aged 6 months and older . However, there is no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that psychological treatments help people with thalassaemia cope better with their condition. However, psychological treatments may help people with thalassaemia cope better with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the effect of Chinese herbal medicines on primary osteoporosis is still in the stage of precl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The timing and volume of intravenous fluid administration affect mortality in trauma patients with haemorrhagic shock.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on Chinese herbal medicines for treating benign thyroid nodules is limited. More high-quality clinical trials are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is a consensus that surgical intervention is the standard treatment for high-grade vulval intraepithelial ne
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Artesunate-pyronaridine is a fixed-dose combination of artesunate and pyrimethamine-dihydroartemisinin (pyronar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Brief family interventions are effective in reducing relapse rates and improving social and clinical outcomes in patients with schizophrenia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cannabidiol (CBD) is a cannabinoid that has been studied for its potential therapeutic effects on epilepsy. Several studies have shown that CBD can reduce seizure
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that interventions can improve patients' trust in doctors. However, there are many factors that can affect patients' trust in doctors, such as communication skills, medical knowledge,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a specific type of intraocular lens that improves visual outcomes for people with uveitis undergoing cataract surgery. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a specific dose of unfractionated heparin for the prevention of arterial thrombosis in children undergoing cardiac cathe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antibiotic prophylaxis reduces the risk of tuberculosis in organ transplant recipients. However, there is also no evidence that it increases the risk
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral contraceptives containing estrogen and progestin increase the risk of venous thrombosis in women. The risk is highest during the first year of use and with the
SUPPORTED. (evidence from 20 randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of omega-3 fatty acids for maintaining remission in Crohn's disease. However, the evidence is insufficient to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct comparison between peginterferon alpha-2a and peginterferon alpha-2b for treating chronic hepatitis C. However, there is evidence that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bronchial thermoplasty in the treatment of asthma. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that bronchial therm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
REFUTED. Antibiotics do not improve outcomes for patients with acute bronchitis. Antibiotics are not effective in treating acute bronchitis, and their use can lead to adverse effects such as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The addition of whole-brain radiotherapy to surgery or stereotactic radiosurgery for patients with brain metastases is not well studied. There is no clear evidence to support
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of nonselective beta-blockers is effective in lowering blood pressure in people with primary hypertension. β-blockers are effective in lowering blood pressure in patients
REFUTED. The current evidence does not support the use of surgical resection for patients with locally advanced pancreatic cancer. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tocolysis in women with preterm premature rupture of membranes. The use of tocolytic agents in women with pre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on probiotic supplementation and the prevention of gestational diabetes mellitus is limited and inconsistent.
SUPPORTED. Mechanical chest compressions are more effective than manual chest compressions for survival after cardiac arrest .
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Internet-delivered psychological therapies are effective in reducing pain and disability in adults with chronic pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of light therapy for dementia found that there is a lack of
SUPPORTED. Workplace interventions can help workers to stop smoking.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend beta-blockers as the first-line treatment for chronic type B aortic dissection. However,
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Topiramate is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant partial epilepsy. Topiramate is effective in reducing seizure frequency in patients with drug-res
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Extracorporeal photopheresis is a treatment option for chronic GVHD in children and adolescents. However, the evidence is limited to small case series and case reports.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Extracorporeal photopheresis is a treatment option for acute graft-versus-host disease in children and adolescents after stem cell transplantation. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of heparin-bonded central venous catheters to improve the duration of catheter patency in children. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aromatherapy for people with dementia. Aromatherapy is not a standard treatment for dementia. The current evidence is ins
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at improving driving skills in stroke survivors. However, there is evidence that driving performance is improved by interventions that include driving simul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic treatment for contacts of scabies patients. The current evidence is limited to a single randomized controlled trial with a small sample
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research is mainly focused on the safety and feasibility of open laparoscopy, and there is no research on the prediction
EFFECTIVE: There is evidence that brief school-based interventions are effective in reducing adolescent substance use.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clear evidence to support the use of liposomal amphotericin B over voriconazole for treating fungal infections in neutropenic cancer patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aromatase inhibitors to improve pregnancy rates in women with anovulatory PCOS. Aromatase inhibitors have been studied
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support vision screening interventions for older drivers to prevent road traffic injuries and fatalities.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the use of low-dose naltrexone in the treatment of Crohn's disease found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no effective antitoxin for botulism. The only effective treatment is supportive care, including mechanical ventilation, antimicrobials, and antipyretics. Botulinum ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The evidence from clinical research is insufficient to support the effectiveness of Echinacea for preventing or treating the common cold. However, Echinacea is widely used as a her
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The use of surgical face masks by the surgical team to prevent postoperative surgical wound infections is not supported by
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of 11 studies with 1,000 eyes comparing the efficacy of non
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is focused on the efficacy of de-escalation of treatment protocols in HPV-associated or
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether there is a difference in safety and effectiveness between tamponade agents used in surgery for retinal detachment with proliferative vitre
SUPPORTED. . Tight blood sugar control in type 1 diabetes reduces the risk of long-term complications.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that continuous sutures reduce the risk of wound complications compared to interrupted sutures. The current evidence is conflicting and does not support the
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the efficacy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Anticonvulsants have been used to treat alcohol dependence for decades, but the evidence for their efficacy is limited. A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  compared oxytocin infusion with placebo or no treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the optimal treatment for severe blunt pancreatic trauma in children. The current literature is limited to case reports and small case series.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of pressure-relieving interventions for treating pressure ulcers on the heel. However, there is evidence that pressure-relieving inter
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Behavioral or psychological treatments reduce the frequency of non-epileptic seizures or improve quality of life. Behavioral or psychological treatments are effective in reducing the frequency of non-ep
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Thromboprophylaxis is effective in reducing the incidence of VTE in pregnant women at increased risk. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of neuropsychological rehabilitation in improving cognitive performance and emotional
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that antibiotics are effective for acute viral sinus
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no evidence of the effect of financial incentives and movement restrictions on the distribution of health workers between public and private organizations.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Screening for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a reduction in adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. A Cochrane review of 14
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Diacerein is a flavonoid that has been shown to have anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties. It has been studied as a potential treatment for o
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of neuraminidase inhibitors in patients with cystic fibrosis is not recommended due to the lack of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The optimal time of delivery in twin pregnancies is still controversial. The ACOG recommends expectant management until 37 weeks
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that repairing amalgam dental restorations is more effective than replacing them. However, the decision to repair or replace amalgam restorations should be based
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence in the literature that supports the idea that repairing defective composite dental restorations is more effective than replacing them. However, it is important to note that the decision
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Incentive spirometry is a technique used to improve pulmonary function by increasing the volume of air inspired during respiration. It is often used in the postoperative period to prevent
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous anaesthesia over inhalational anaesthesia in paediatric outpatient surgery. The choice of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of red cell transfusion on mortality and morbidity in patients with congenital heart disease during cardiac surgery. However, there is
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Mycophenolate mofetil is effective in preventing disease activity in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the association between the use of long-acting beta2-agonists (LABAs) in combination with inhaled corticoster
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antihypertensive drug treatment is beneficial for women with mild to moderate hypertension during pregnancy. Antihypertensive drug treatment can reduce the risk of adverse maternal and fet
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Buprenorphine is effective in managing opioid dependence compared to methadone and placebo. The effectiveness of buprenorphine in managing opioid dependence has been demonstrated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiviral agents to prevent postherpetic neuralgia. However, the use of antiviral agents is recommended for the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous passive motion in improving recovery after knee arthroplasty. However, there is evidence that continuous passive motion may be effective in reducing the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of betamimetics to delay preterm birth. The use of betamimetics to delay preterm birth is not recommended in the current guidelines
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Tiagabine is an anticonvulsant drug that is used to treat partial seizures. It is believed to work by increasing the levels of gamma-aminobutyric acid
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The transtheoretical model of change is a psychological model that describes the process of making behavioral changes. It suggests that people move through different stages of change, from pre-contempl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of structured risk assessment tools to reduce the incidence of pressure ulcers. The use of structured risk assessment tools has been shown to improve the identification of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (not enough information). There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the use of perineal hyaluronidase injections to reduce perineal trauma during vaginal deliveries. The current evidence is limited to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aminoglycoside antibiotics are commonly used to treat pulmonary exacerbations in cystic fibros
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Exenterative surgery is a procedure that involves the removal of multiple pelvic organs, including the bladder, vagina
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review with 10 included studies showed that continuous interscalene brachial plexus block was associated with lower pain
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2014  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antihypertensive medications lower blood pressure in children with hypertension. Antihypertensive medications are the mainstay of treatment for children with hypertension. The goal of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Stiripentol is a potent inhibitor of voltage-gated sodium channels and is used as an add-on treatment for focal refractory epilepsy. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the safety and well-being of children in kinship care compared to foster care. The existing studies have small
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 2,909 participants showed that multicomponent non-pharmacological interventions can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hearing aids in reducing tinnitus symptoms in patients with hearing loss. However, there is some evidence to suggest that hearing aids may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of progestational agents is not recommended for the prevention of preterm labor. However, progesterone and 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The use of ovulation trigger in anovulatory women undergoing treatment for infertility is not well studied. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
SUPPORTED. Twin-twin transfusion syndrome (TTTS) is a complication of monochorionic twin pregnancies, in which one fetus (donor) transfers a disproportion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that short hospital stays for serious mental illness lead to better outcomes compared to long stays. The length of hospital stay for serious mental illness is a complex issue
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of interventions to reduce the incidence of critical illness polyneuropathy or myopathy in critically ill patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the association between combination contraceptive use and weight gain. The effect of contraceptive use on weight gain is complex and depends on the type of
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Phacoemulsification is the preferred method of cataract extraction in the current clinical practice. Phacoemulsification is a minimally invasive surgical procedure that involves the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is focused on the efficacy of intermittent regimens compared to daily regimens in adults. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of clonidine as premedication to reduce postoperative pain in children. The current evidence is limited to a few small randomized controlled
SUPPORTED. Decision aids help people make better treatment or screening choices. Decision aids are tools designed to help people make informed choices about health care options. They typically include information about the pros and cons of different options
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that statins did not reduce the risk of cardiov
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no published research on the effectiveness of the combination of antiretroviral therapy and chemotherapy for treating pediatric Kaposi sarcoma. However, there is evidence that ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,000 patients under
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiepileptic drugs to prevent seizures after a stroke. The use of antiepileptic drugs to prevent seizures after a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. EEG is not routinely recommended for children with simple febrile seizures. However, it may be useful in children with complex febrile seizures to rule out non-f
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-acting beta2-agonists over anti-leukotrienes for asthma patients on inh
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective for helping people quit smoking. Acupuncture is effective for smoking cessation in both short-term and long-term follow-ups. Acupuncture is effective for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Treadmill training is effective in improving walking ability after a stroke.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Endovascular aneurysm repair (EVAR) is more effective than conventional open surgical repair (OSR) for treating abdominal aortic aneurysms. EV
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The WHO recommends that people living with HIV should receive the yellow fever vaccine as they would for people without HIV. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of amnioinfusion in cases of meconium-stained amniotic fluid. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case series
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Mooren's ulcer is a rare disease with no effective treatment. The current treatment is mainly symptomatic treatment, such as local steroid hormone ointment, local anest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Thrombolytic therapy is not recommended for patients with acute deep vein thrombosis. However, throm
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based psychological interventions for anxiety and depression in people with dementia or mild cognitive impairment). Psychological interventions such as cognitive behavioral therapy, mindfulness-based interventions,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that pharmacological prophylaxis is effective in reducing cardiovascular events in patients with abdominal aortic aneurysm. The current guidelines recommend that
SUPPORTED. The Xpert® MTB/RIF test is effective for detecting tuberculosis and rifampicin resistance. The Xpert® MTB/RIF test is a rapid molecular test that can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2019  included 11 RCTs with 2,99
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that treatment guidelines improve healthcare provider performance and patient outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Dihydroartemisinin-piperaquine is a highly effective treatment for uncomplicated P. falciparum malaria . It is recommended by the WHO for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent Cochrane review found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the effectiveness of HHFNC in
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Dexmedetomidine is effective and safe for patients with a difficult airway undergoing awake fibreoptic intubation. Dexmedetomidine is a highly select
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends vitamin A supplementation for children with measles to prevent blindness, but
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Respite care can provide benefits to caregivers of people with dementia. A systematic review of 16 studies found that respite care can reduce caregiver burden and improve care
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The complement system is involved in the pathogenesis of age-related macular degeneration (AMD), and complement inhibitors have
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. High-frequency oscillations (HFOs) are a relatively new electroencephalographic (EEG) phenomenon that has been studied in epilepsy surgery. HFOs are defined
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Perazine is a dopamine D2 receptor antagonist that was approved in the 1950s for the treatment of schizophrenia. However, due to the
SUPPORTED. Self-management education programmes improve outcomes for people with osteoarthritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that adding anti-Gram-positive antibiot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Omalizumab is effective in treating asthma compared to placebo or conventional therapy. Omalizumab is a recombinant humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Trifluoperazine is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to placebo .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin D supplementation to reduce mortality in healthy adults. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials showed that vitamin D supplement
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-term blood transfusions to reduce chronic chest complications in sickle cell disease.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Enzyme replacement therapy with idursulfase is effective for treating mucopolysaccharidosis type II. The European Medicines Agency (EMA) approved idursulfase
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that intravascular brachytherapy helps maintain artery openness after angioplasty or stent insertion. However, there is insufficient evidence to ref
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The PPAR-γ agonists pioglitazone and rosiglitazone have been studied in patients with a history
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Educational, supportive, or behavioral strategies can help increase CPAP usage in people with sleep apnoea.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The use of aminoglycosides in combination with beta-lactam antibiotics is not recommended due to the risk of nephrotoxicity and ototox
SUPPORTED. Chlorpromazine is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to placebo . Chlorpromazine is a first-generation antipsychotic that was introduced in the 1950s
EFFECTIVE: Duloxetine is effective for treating painful neuropathy and chronic pain . Duloxetine is effective in treating neuropathic pain in diabetic patients . Duloxetine is
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Vaccines are effective in preventing typhoid fever. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends vaccination for people who are at increased risk of developing typhoid fever, including
SUPPORTED. Aripiprazole is effective for treating schizophrenia. Aripiprazole is a third-generation antipsychotic that is effective in treating schizophrenia. It has
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Inotropic agents and vasodilators are used to increase cardiac output and reduce afterload, respectively. Inotropic agents include dobutamine, dopamine, epinephr
SUPPORTED. (moderate). A Cochrane review of 10 studies found that interventions combining drug treatment with criminal justice interventions reduced drug use and criminal activity compared to drug treatment alone . Another Cochrane
EFFECTIVE: (supported) . Coenzyme Q10 is effective for treating heart failure. Coenzyme Q10 is a supplement that is used to treat heart failure. It is a cofactor in the mitoch
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of immunotherapy in treating idiopathic lumbosacral plexopathy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous immunoglobulin in the treatment of chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropath
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Khoja et al. 2018 1 found that there is a lack of high-quality
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Music interventions can reduce anxiety and improve physiological responses in people with coronary heart disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a specific threshold for plasma transfusion in critically ill patients. The optimal transfusion threshold is still a matter of debate and further research
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chest radiographs in the management of acute lower respiratory tract infections. However, the use of chest radiographs may
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that psychosocial interventions can improve quality of life in men with prostate cancer. A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials found that psychosocial interventions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of maintenance treatment in improving child health and reducing substance use among pregnant women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bronchoscopy-guided antimicrobial therapy for managing lung infections in cystic fibrosis. However, bronchos
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Daclizumab is effective in preventing clinical worsening in patients with relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis. The efficacy of daclizumab in
SUPPORTED. Resistance exercise training provides benefits for adults with fibromyalgia. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that resistance exercise training significantly improved pain, physical function
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Retinitis pigmentosa is a group of inherited disorders of the retina that cause degeneration of the photoreceptors. It is a progressive disease that can lead to blindness.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support this question. The use of intra-arterial rt-PA for the treatment of peripheral arterial occlusion is not recommended in the guidelines.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Fluoxetine is effective for treating major depression. Fluoxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) that is commonly used to treat
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Triptans are effective for treating cluster headaches. Triptans are a class of 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) receptor agonists that have
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal frequency of dental check-ups is not clear. The frequency of dental check-ups is determined by the patient's risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of pharmacological interventions in reducing drug use and criminal activity in drug-using offenders.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Zonisamide is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant partial epilepsy. Zonisamide is a sulfonamide derivative that was approved in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anticholinergic drugs for the treatment of hypersalivation caused by neuroleptic drugs in people with schizophren
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  compared carotid endarterectomy under local anaest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research is focused on the effectiveness of systemic antibiotics in the treatment of acute pulpitis, but there is
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Water-based exercise training improves exercise capacity and quality of life in people with COPD.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no research that has been conducted to compare the effectiveness of interdental brushing with toothbrushing alone or with flossing. However, there is evidence that interdental br
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that sequential single agent chemotherapy improves survival compared to combination chemotherapy in women with metastatic breast cancer. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that the use of wound drains is beneficial for outcomes after incisional hernia repair. However, the use of wound drains is associated with increased postoperative
SUPPORTED. Aripiprazole is effective in treating acute manic episodes . Aripiprazole is a second-generation antipsychotic that has been approved for the treatment of schizophrenia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that antibacterial agents in composite restoratives help prevent dental caries. The antibacterial effect of composite resins containing QAMs is not long-last
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Agomelatine is effective in treating major depressive disorder compared to other antidepressants. Agomelatine is a melatonin receptor agonist and 5-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The pharmacological treatment of memory disorder in patients with multiple sclerosis is an area of active research. Several studies have
ANSWER: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether femoral nerve block or fascia iliaca compartment block provides better pain relief for children with femur fractures compared to system
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Thromboprophylaxis is effective in preventing venous thromboembolism in patients undergoing major amputation of the lower extremity.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of budesonide/formoterol in a single inhaler compared to higher dose combination inhalers in asthma management. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that hyperbaric oxygen therapy improves the healing of ac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that open bile duct surgery is more effective than endoscopic methods for clearing common bile duct stones. However, the choice of treatment depends on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Alizadeh et al. (2019) compared the efficacy of ibupro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that increasing the duration of H. pylori eradication therapy improves eradication rates. The duration of H. pylori er
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The Lund concept is a treatment method for severe traumatic brain injury that involves a multidisciplinary approach, including medical, surgical, and rehabilitation interventions. The
SUPPORTED. Telerehabilitation is as effective as in-person rehabilitation in improving daily living activities for stroke survivors. (Both telerehabilitation and in-person rehabilitation improve daily living activities for stroke
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological therapies are effective for treating chronic post-traumatic stress disorder in adults. The Cochrane review of psychological treatments for chronic post-traumatic stress disorder in adults found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether wound drains provide significant benefits for women undergoing caesarean sections. A Cochrane review published in 2019 found that there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of physical activity interventions to increase participation in physical activity in people with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 2015 included 11 RCTs with 1966 participants and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of lipid-lowering agents in patients with nephrotic syndrome is not recommended due to the lack of clinical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of phytoestrogen supplements to reduce menopausal symptoms. The current evidence is mixed and does not provide clear evidence of effic
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Active rehabilitation after surgery for lumbar spinal stenosis improves functional outcomes compared to usual care.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  compared noninvasive positive-pressure vent
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that immunosuppressive drugs effectively prevent rejection after lung transplantation in patients with cystic fibrosis. However, there is also no evidence that
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Compression stockings are not effective as the initial treatment for varicose veins without ulcers. However, there is insufficient evidence to support this statement.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that introducing larvivorous fish to breeding sites reduces malaria transmission. However, there is some evidence that it can reduce the number of mosquitoes.
SUPPORTED. (mass drug administration of antimalarials reduces malaria parasitaemia prevalence) . Mass drug administration of antimalarials has been shown to reduce malaria parasitaemia prevalence in several
SUPPORTED. (effective treatments). There are effective treatments for jellyfish stings. The most effective treatment is to rinse the affected area with a solution of 50% ammonia or 4% vine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of overlap repair over end-to-end repair in reducing anal incontinence after childbirth. However, there is insufficient evidence to draw
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of percussion, diuresis, and inversion therapy to clear lower pole kidney stones after shock wave lithotripsy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Heliox is not recommended for routine use in children with croup. However, it may be considered in children with severe croup who do not respond to standard treatment. Further research is needed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that manual fetal manipulation improves fetal wellbeing during testing.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that providing dietary advice leads to improved cardiovascular health in healthy adults.
RELIEVED: Yes, rituximab is effective in reducing disease activity for people with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. Rituximab is a monoclonal antibody that targets
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of triclosan/copolymer toothpastes for long-term control of plaque and gingivitis. The use of tr
SUPPORTED. Mobile phone messaging reminders improve attendance at healthcare appointments .
REFUTED. There is no evidence that spermicides are effective for contraception. In fact, there is evidence that spermicides may increase the risk of HIV and other sexually transmitted infections. Therefore
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic antibiotics in women with intact membranes in preterm labour. The use of prophylactic antibiotics in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-hypertensive drugs in patients with both high blood pressure and peripheral arterial disease. However, there is evidence that lowering
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence of the benefit of antiviral treatment for hepatitis C infection after liver transplantation. However, there is evidence that antiviral treatment for hepatitis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no superior surgical technique for treating cervical intraepithelial neoplasia. The choice of surgical technique depends on the size and grade of the lesion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vasopressin and tranexamic acid to reduce blood loss during cervical surgery. However, there is evidence that tranex
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise programs improve daily living activities and cognition in older people with dementia. A systematic review of 20 studies with 1,119 participants found that exercise programs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that different methods of cleansing and dressing orthopa
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of medical interventions in managing traumatic hyphema. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has shown that prophylactic blood transfusion is effective in preventing complications of sickle cell disease in children
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Trigeminal neuralgia (TN) is a chronic neuropathic pain disorder characterized by brief, shock-like, recurrent episodes of severe pain in the face, usually
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to conclude that strategies to improve retention in trials effectively increase participant follow-up. The effectiveness of retention strategies varies depending on the type of strategy, the type of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that lamotrigine was effective in treating chronic ne
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The use of induction therapy in heart transplantation is a controversial topic. Some studies have shown that induction therapy can reduce the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics in women with preterm rupture of membranes to improve neonatal health outcomes. The use of antibiotics in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that there was no significant difference in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intranasal corticosteroids are not recommended for the treatment of acute sinusitis. However, intranasal cort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chromium picolinate for weight loss in overweight or obese individuals. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (R
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Endometrial destruction is a treatment option for heavy menstrual bleeding, but it is not clear whether it is more effective than h
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic antibiotics in reducing exacerbations in COPD patients. The use of prophylactic antibiotics in
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Structured postnatal education has been shown to improve infant health and parent-infant relationships. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that structured
REFUTED. First-line chemotherapy improves survival in patients with extensive small cell lung cancer compared to supportive care .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that omega-3 supplementation
SUPPORTED. . The first CFTR gene replacement therapy, Lumacaftor/Ivacaftor, was approved by the FDA in 2012. Since then, several CFTR gene replacement therap
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nutritional interventions to reduce gastrointestinal toxicity in patients undergoing pelvic radiotherapy.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The efficacy of combination therapy with antidepressant and antipsychotic is superior to either treatment alone for treating psychotic depression. The Cochrane review of 11
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic interventions after delivery of the placenta to prevent postpartum haemorrhage. The current evidence is conflicting
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that dipyrone is effective in relieving acute postoperative pain, but the evidence is insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different follow-up protocols after cervical cancer treatment improve patient outcomes. The optimal frequency and duration of follow-up for patients with cervical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics for the prevention of Gram-positive infections in long-term central venous catheters. The use of antibiot
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of diagnostic laparoscopy in the assessment of resectability in pancreatic and periampullary cancer. The current literature is
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prenatal tetrahydrocortisone (TRH) in combination with corticosteroids to prevent neonatal resp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines recommend breast conserving surgery for DCIS. However, the role of radiotherapy in the treatment of DC
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pelvic floor muscle training as a stand-alone treatment for urinary incontinence. However, pelvic floor muscle training can
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Laronidase enzyme replacement therapy is effective for treating mucopolysaccharidosis type I. Laronidase is the only approved treatment for MPS I. It is a recom
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of screening for oral cancer in reducing mortality rates. The current evidence is limited to small studies with methodological limitations.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Stiripentol is not approved by the FDA for the treatment of infantile spasms. There is currently no published clinical trial on the efficacy of stiripentol
SUPPORTED. Infection prevention and control strategies can help reduce MRSA transmission in nursing homes. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends a comprehensive infection prevention and control program to prevent the spread
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that non-specialist health workers improve outcomes for mental health disorders in low- and middle-income countries. However, there is evidence that non
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific intervention for managing hyperthyroidism during pregnancy. The current guidelines recommend levothyroxine as the first-line treatment for hyper
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Patient-reported outcome measures are effective for follow-up after treatment for gynaecological cancers . Patient-reported outcome measures are a valuable tool for assessing the impact
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether intermittent catheterisation is more effective than indwelling catheterisation for managing long-term voiding problems in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  showed that there was no high-quality evidence to support the use of proph
SUPPORTED. Quetiapine is effective in treating schizophrenia. Quetiapine is a second-generation antipsychotic drug that is effective in treating schizophrenia. It has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of end-of-life care pathways to improve the quality of life for dying patients compared to usual care. A systematic review of 10
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether one antibiotic is more effective than another for the treatment of MRSA-infected non-surgical wounds. A systematic review of random
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Haloperidol is effective for managing schizophrenia compared to placebo. The efficacy of haloperidol in schizophrenia was first demonstrated in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pre-operative endometrial thinning agents to improve outcomes for women undergoing surgery for heavy menstrual bleeding.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2019 found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the effectiveness of chronic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that vitamin C can prevent or treat tetanus. Vitamin C is an antioxidant that can reduce the severity of tissue damage caused by
EFFECTIVE: Progestin-only oral contraceptives are effective compared to combined oral contraceptives. The effectiveness of progestin-only oral contraceptives is similar to that of combined oral contrace
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the effectiveness of early orthodontic treatment for prominent upper front teeth. The effectiveness of early orthodontic treatment for prominent upper front teeth in early adolescence
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of 2018 concluded that there is no evidence that homeopathic treatment is effective for treating irrit
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . Outpatient induction of labour is effective and safe for mothers and babies. The outpatient induction of labour is associated with a lower risk of maternal infection, lower risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Doppler ultrasound is a useful tool for the assessment of fetal wellbeing and placental function in high-risk pregnancies. However, the use of Doppler ultrasound
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. A systematic review by Khoja et al. 2016 1 compared the quality of care provided by nurse-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of computerized advice on drug dosage to improve patient outcomes. However, there is some evidence that computerized advice on drug dosage can reduce the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The use of prostaglandins before a caesarean section is not associated with improved respiratory outcomes in newborns. However, there is insufficient evidence to draw a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of antiepileptic drugs for the treatment of neuropathic pain and fibromyalgia is controversial
SUPPORTED. . Targeted intensive glycaemic control reduces the risk of microvascular complications in patients with type 2 diabetes compared to conventional glycaemic control.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) and long-acting beta2-agonists (LABA) are effective in reducing COPD exacerbations compared to placebo.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Trichotillomania is a disorder in which a person pulls out their own hair, resulting in hair loss. It is a form of self-injury. It is not clear
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is focused on the effect of tamoxifen or letrozole on the breast cancer-free interval during ovar
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support or refute the hypothesis that routine scaling and polishing is beneficial for periodontal health.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dilute formula over full strength formula for feeding preterm infants. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, there are some studies that have investigated the effects of different payment methods on dentists' clinical activities and patient outcomes. Some
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pimozide is an antipsychotic medication that is used to treat schizophrenia. However, there is limited research on the effectiveness of pimozide compared to other
REFUTED. The use of antibiotics for treating sore throat in primary care is not supported by the current clinical research. The Cochrane systematic review of antibiotics for acute sore throat in primary care showed that antib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of hydration in preventing preterm birth in women with preterm labour. However, there is some evidence that hydration may be effective in
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Collaborative care is effective in reducing psychiatric admissions for people with severe mental illness. Collaborative care is a team-based approach to patient care that involves collaboration between mental health professionals
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the use of PDE4 inhibitors in COPD found that there was no evidence of a beneficial effect
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Continuous negative extrathoracic pressure or non-invasive CPAP is effective in improving outcomes for children with acute hypoxaemic respiratory failure.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of lifestyle interventions in treating acute gout attacks. However, lifestyle interventions are recommended for the management of gout in general.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no published RCT comparing the effectiveness of intrauterine insemination and fallopian tube sperm perfusion for treating non-tubal subfertility.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that avoiding lactose-containing milk helps young children recover faster from acute diarrhoea. However, there is evidence that lact
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium channel blockers for the prevention of preterm birth after threatened preterm labour. The Cochrane review by Coyle et al.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic oxytocin to prevent postpartum hemorrhage during the third stage of labor. The current evidence
SUPPORTED. . There is evidence that lower blood pressure targets reduce mortality and morbidity in people with diabetes. The SPRINT trial showed that intensive blood pressure control (systolic blood pressure <120 mm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of oral antibiotics for the treatment of lung infections in people with CF is not recommended. However, the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of observational studies found that influenza vaccination was associated with a reduced risk of all-cause mortality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-corticosteroid immunosuppressive medications in reducing relapses in children with steroid-sensitive neph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether urodynamic testing improves clinical outcomes for urinary incontinence treatment. The current evidence is conflicting and does not support the use of u
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that topical lidocaine was effective in treating posther
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Behavioral interventions have been shown to improve condom use for preventing HIV and STIs. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that behavioral interventions,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of counseling techniques to improve adherence to hormonal contraceptives. However, there is evidence that counseling can improve adherence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of different treatment options for managing Paget's disease of the vulva.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether shorter regimens of primaquine are effective in preventing relapses of P. vivax malaria compared to the 14-day reg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the use of antibiotics as prophylactic treatment for meningococcal infection.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Artemisinin-based combination therapies are effective for treating P. vivax malaria. The efficacy of artemisinin-based combination therapies
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dietary supplements for the prevention of postnatal depression. However, there is some evidence that omega-3 fatty acids may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of a drain after axillary dissection for breast cancer is controversial. Some studies have shown that the use of a drain
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current systematic review  included 11 studies, of which 10 were case-control studies and one was a randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin C supplementation for the treatment of asthma or exercise-induced bronchoconstriction. However, vitamin C
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Smoking cessation interventions during pregnancy have been shown to improve health outcomes for mothers and babies. The Cochrane systematic review of 2013  showed that smoking cess
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aromatase inhibitors are not approved for the treatment of uterine fibroids. However, there are ongoing clinical trials
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Dexibuprofen is effective for treating acute postoperative pain. Dexibuprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (N
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of celecoxib for postoperative pain relief included 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Pelargonium sidoides for treating acute respiratory infections. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the timing of closure affects the healing of traumatic wounds. The timing of closure of traumatic wounds is still controversial. Some studies suggest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that enhanced care improves outcomes for patients with functional somatic symptoms in primary care. The current research does not provide sufficient information to answer this question.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The third wave cognitive and behavioral therapies are relatively new and there is not enough research on their effectiveness in treating acute depression.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct evidence from randomized controlled trials comparing pegylated liposomal doxorubicin with other first-line chemotherapy regimens in women with epit
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Fitness training after stroke reduces disability. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 536 participants showed that fitness training after stroke reduced disability
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Opioid analgesic treatment is effective for managing breakthrough pain in cancer patients. Breakthrough pain is a transient exacerbation of pain that occurs on a background of otherwise controlled
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The combination of sumatriptan and naproxen is effective for treating acute migraine headaches. The combination of sumatriptan and naproxen is more effective than
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in patients with viral myocarditis. However, the use of corticosteroids in patients with viral my
REFUTED. Glycoprotein IIb/IIIa blockers are not recommended in NSTE-ACS patients. The GUSTO III trial showed that eptifibatide did not reduce the risk
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The efficacy of valproate in the long-term treatment of bipolar disorder is not well established. The current evidence is limited and conflicting. Some studies suggest that val
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Bell's palsy is a common form of facial paralysis. The most common treatment is conservative therapy, including oral steroids, antiviral drugs, and physical therapy. S
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of anticonvulsants for fibromyalgia found that there is a lack
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. Atypical antipsychotic medications are more effective than typical antipsychotic medications for treating adolescents with psychosis.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Inhaled long-acting beta2-agonists (LABAs) improve quality of life and reduce exacerbations in COPD patients. The Global Initiative for Chronic Ob
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological strategies to prevent chronic venous insufficiency in standing workers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Thymectomy is not recommended for the treatment of non-thymomatous myasthenia gravis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxytocin receptor antagonists to prevent preterm birth after an episode of preterm labour. The Cochrane review on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of vocational rehabilitation programs for workers with traumatic upper limb injuries was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal time to start combination antiretroviral therapy in HIV-infected children aged 2 to 5 years is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulized epinephrine in children with croup. The current evidence is based on a single randomized controlled trial with a small
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Phacoemulsification is a better technique than manual small incision cataract surgery for improving short-term vision after cataract removal. Phacoemulsification is a more advanced
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychological interventions are effective in reducing needle-related pain and distress in children.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Integrated disease management programs improve quality of life and exercise tolerance in people with COPD.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of oral antibiotics as an alternative to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that encouraging women to assume upright positions during the first stage of labor improves outcomes for mothers and babies.
SUPPORTED. Inhaled beclometasone is effective and safe treatment for COPD compared to placebo or LABAs alone. Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) are effective in reducing exacerb
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 2,1
RENAL DYSFUNCTION: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The systematic review of randomized controlled trials of Chinese herbal medicine for diabetic peripheral neuropathy included 11 studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that user-held clinical information improves outcomes for people with severe mental illness. However, there is some evidence that user-held clinical information can improve
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Transdermal fentanyl is effective for relieving cancer pain. Transdermal fentanyl is a safe and effective method for the management of cancer pain. It is a viable alternative
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: . Dance therapy is effective for people with schizophrenia. Dance therapy can improve the negative symptoms of schizophrenia and the quality of life of patients with schizophrenia. Dance therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different partner notification strategies effectively reduce the transmission of sexually transmitted infections.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Psychosocial interventions can help reduce substance use in people with serious mental illness.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The use of anti-leukotrienes in combination with inhaled corticosteroids in children with persistent asthma is not supported by the current evidence. However, the
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Beta2-agonists are effective in preventing exercise-induced asthma symptoms. Beta2-agonists are effective in preventing exercise-induced asthma symptoms in children
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Laronidase enzyme replacement therapy is effective for treating mucopolysaccharidosis type I. Laronidase is the only approved treatment for MPS I. It is a recom
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Paracervical local anaesthesia is effective for pain control during cervical dilatation and uterine interventions. Paracervical block is a regional ana
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that hyperbaric oxygen therapy improves the success of dental implants in patients who have undergone radiotherapy. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute this
SUPPORTED. Flexible sigmoidoscopy is more effective than faecal occult blood testing in reducing colorectal cancer mortality. Flexible sigmoidoscopy is a screening test that involves
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether a specific analgesic agent or method is most effective for pain relief during forceps delivery. The current literature is limited to case reports and small observational
REFUTED. There is no evidence that spermicides are effective for contraception. In fact, there is evidence that spermicides may increase the risk of HIV and other sexually transmitted infections. Therefore
SUPPORTED. Physical training improves the health of people with asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of remote and web 2.0 interventions in promoting physical activity in adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There are studies that show that face-to-face interventions are more effective than remote and web 2.0 approaches for promoting physical activity
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of face-to-face interventions in promoting long-term physical activity in adults.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Breathing exercises are effective in managing asthma symptoms. Breathing exercises are a set of techniques that can help improve lung function and reduce asthma symptoms. These exercises can include
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether laparoscopically assisted radical vaginal hystere
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has not reached a consensus on the effectiveness of secondary suturing for treating dehisced perineal wounds after
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Exercise interventions can effectively promote exercise behavior in sedentary cancer survivors.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that one imaging method is better than the others for detecting rotator cuff tears in patients considering surgery. The choice of imaging method depends on the patient's
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the surveillance of patients with gastric intestinal metaplasia to detect early gastric cancer and reduce mortality. The current evidence is
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Titrated oral misoprostol is effective and safe for women with labour dystocia. The use of misoprostol for labour induction and augmentation is supported by several Co
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chest physiotherapy in speeding up recovery from pneumonia in children. However, the use of chest physiotherapy in children with p
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The current evidence suggests that active chest compression-decompression CPR improves survival and neurological function in cardiac arrest patients.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED: There is no evidence that active management of labour reduces caesarean section rates in low-risk women. The active management of labour is associated with an increase in the rate of caesarean section.
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: A) Tiotropium is more effective than ipratropium bromide for treating COPD. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
REFUTED. Intravenous immunoglobulin therapy does not reduce mortality in patients with bacterial sepsis or septic shock. The use of intravenous immunoglobulin therapy in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the replacement of administration sets frequently reduces the risk of infection. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether the replacement of administration sets reduces the risk of infection.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to conclude whether metered-dose inhalers with holding chambers are as effective as nebulisers for treating acute asthma. A Cochr
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Supported employment is effective for people with severe mental disorders.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that planned immediate caesarean delivery is better than planned vaginal birth for women in preterm labour. The best management of women in preterm labour is individualized care based on the gest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of one method of fluid optimization over another for patients undergoing hip fracture surgery.
SUPPORTED. TEVAR is more effective than conventional open surgery for treating thoracic aortic aneurysms . TEVAR is associated with lower mortality and morbidity rates than open surgery. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that beta blockers did not significantly affect walking distance in patients with intermittent cl
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based medicine: 1A). The use of Ringer's lactate solution during surgery can reduce the risk of acute kidney injury (AKI) and improve renal function
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Exercise is effective in reducing symptoms of depression in adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence for the effectiveness of systemic treatments in preventing venous thrombo-embolic events in paediatric cancer patients with central venous catheters.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Organized stroke unit care improves outcomes for stroke patients compared to other care methods.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The methodological search filters are designed to identify diagnostic test accuracy studies. However, the sensitivity and specificity of these filters vary depending on the type of study, the type of test, and the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2014 found no clear evidence of benefit
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral rinses, mouthwashes, and sprays to improve recovery after tonsillectomy. However, there is some evidence that g
SUPPORTED. Physiotherapy is effective in improving outcomes for patients with Parkinson's disease compared to no intervention.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cognitive behavioural therapies (CBT) have been shown to be effective in reducing pain and improving mood in fibromyalgia patients. A systematic review and meta-analysis of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of botulinum toxin type A for the treatment of benign masseter hypertrophy is a new field
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of media-delivered therapies for treating anxiety disorders in adults is needed.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of supraglottic airway devices instead of tracheal intubation for obese patients during general anaesthesia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of inspiratory muscle training in asthma found that the evidence was insufficient to support the use of inspiratory muscle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions designed to help people adhere to compression therapy for venous leg ulcers. However, the evidence suggests that compression therapy is effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research is focused on the comparison of zygomatic implants with other methods of bone augmentation, but not with traditional
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2013  included 11 RCTs with a total of 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological interventions for relieving dry mouth symptoms.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Chest physiotherapy is effective for improving mucus clearance in cystic fibrosis. Chest physiotherapy is a combination of postural drainage, percussion,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic D-penicillamine in the prevention of retinopathy of prematurity in preterm infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend routine abdominal drainage after laparoscopic cholecystectomy. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that open bile duct surgery is more effective than endoscopic methods for clearing common bile duct stones. However, the choice of treatment depends on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sympathectomy is a surgical procedure that involves the removal of part of the sympathetic nervous system. It has been used as a treatment for various conditions, including pain. In the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend postoperative chemotherapy for patients with stage II or III gastric cancer. However, the optimal chemotherapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether early laparoscopic cholecystectomy is safer
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based) . Opioid rotation, opioid taper, and opioid discontinuation are effective methods to reduce or stop opioid use in patients with chronic non-c
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  compared the outcomes of laparoscopic cholecystectomy with and
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Nonoperative treatment is effective for lumbar spinal stenosis with neurogenic claudication.
SUPPORTED. Occupational safety and health regulations are important tools to prevent workplace injuries and diseases. The enforcement of these regulations can be achieved through various means, such as inspections, fines, and penalties. These
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological interventions for relieving dry mouth symptoms.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that topiramate was effective in treating chronic neurop
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
REFUTED. Antifibrinolytic treatment does not reduce rebleeding in people with aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage. The Antifibrinolytic Therapy in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The natural cycle IVF is not as effective as standard IVF for subfertile couples. However, the natural cycle IVF is
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of long-acting beta2-agonists (LABA) in combination with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) is more effective than the use of ICS alone
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of driving assessment in helping people with dementia continue driving safely. However, driving assessment is recommended to identify the level of impairment and to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that antipsychotics are not effective for managing pain in
REFUTED. Fibrinogen concentrate does not reduce bleeding in patients. The use of fibrinogen concentrate in patients with congenital or acquired fibrinogen deficiency is supported by evidence, but there is ins
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no published randomized controlled trial comparing allogeneic stem cell transplantation with conventional therapies for advanced primary cutaneous T-cell lymphomas. However, there are case
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Opioid agonists are effective for treating neuropathic pain. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the safety of opioid agonists for treating neuropathic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of larval source management in preventing malaria. The current research on larval source management is limited to the use of insecticides to
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. Infraclavicular block is an effective and safe method for regional anaesthesia in lower arm surgery. Infraclavicular block is a safe and effective method for regional anaest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has not been able to prove the effectiveness of herbal medicines for patients with viral myocarditis. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no research on the effectiveness of antireflux surgery in children with neurological impairments and gastro-oesophageal reflux. However, there is evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal dose range for haloperidol in treating acute schizophrenia is not clear. The recommended dose range is
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Opioids are effective for treating chronic low-back pain in adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Autologous serum eye drops have been used to treat dry eye disease for decades. However, the efficacy of autolog
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of virtual reality training in improving surgical proficiency and patient outcomes for trainees with limited laparoscopic experience.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Electrotherapy is effective for treating neck pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on the efficacy of herbal medicines for fatty liver disease is limited and the results are inconsistent
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological interventions to reduce fatigue in people with rheumatoid arthritis.
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based tobacco cessation interventions for youth).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that chemotherapy is effective for treating thymic carcinoma or advanced thymoma in adults. However, chemotherapy is often used in combination with surgery and/
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of FSH in men with idiopathic male factor subfertility. The current evidence is based on a single RCT with a
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of assisted reproductive technology (ART) has been shown to significantly increase the chances of couples with fertility issues achieving a live birth. ART includes a range of treatments,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence). Supervised exercise therapy improves walking distance for people with leg pain. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 486 participants showed
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no benefit to restricting fluids and food during labor for women at low risk of complications. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that women
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled anticholinergics in children with acute asthma exacerbations. The use of inhaled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of deferiprone as an alternative to desferrioxamine for the treatment of iron overload in thalassaemia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled oxygen in acute myocardial infarction. The use of inhaled oxygen in acute myocardial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Desferrioxamine is the most commonly used drug for iron overload in thalassaemia major. However, there is no evidence that it is the most effective treatment. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of microbial sealants before surgery to reduce the risk of surgical site infections. The use of microbial sealants before surgery is
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Midwife-led continuity models of care are better for childbearing women and their infants compared to other care models. The Cochrane review of midwife-led continu
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Probiotics are not recommended for the treatment of persistent diarrhoea in children. However, probiotics are recommended for the prevention of antibiotic-associated diarrho
REFUTED. There is no specific antibiotic that is recommended for treating MRSA surgical site infections. The choice of antibiotic should be based on the susceptibility of the isolated organism and the clinical status of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Subpial transection is a surgical procedure that involves making an incision in the subpial region of the brain, which is the layer of tissue that covers the surface of the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that encouraging women to assume upright positions during the first stage of labor improves outcomes for mothers and babies.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotic prophylaxis for the prevention of MRSA infections after surgery. The use of antibiotic prophylaxis for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is no high-quality evidence to support the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of traction for the treatment of low back pain. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that there was no significant difference in pain or disability
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific type of dressing or topical agent to prevent pressure ulcers in at-risk individuals. However, there is evidence that the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adjunctive G-CSF treatment for diabetic foot infections. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence of a beneficial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Relaxin is a hormone that is thought to play a role in the regulation of pregnancy and labour. It is produced by the corpus luteum and the placenta during pregnancy.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aminophylline in patients with bradyasystolic cardiac arrest. Aminophylline is a xanthine derivative that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2018 found that there was no clear evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that antibiotics prevent measles complications. In fact, antibiotics may increase the risk of complications in children with measles. Antibiotics are not indicated for the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of fertility drugs has increased in recent years, but the number of women who have used these drugs is still small. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether postnatal administration of phenobarbital reduces the risk of intraventricular hemorrhage in preterm infants. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that oral hygiene care reduces the risk of ventilator-associated pneumonia in critically ill patients on mechanical ventilation.
SUPPORTED. Nurses can play a vital role in helping people quit smoking. A Cochrane review of 10 studies found that nurse-led interventions were effective in helping people quit smoking . The review found that
SUPPORTED. Mediterranean dietary pattern is effective for preventing cardiovascular disease .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (not enough information). Percutaneous cholecystostomy is a procedure that involves the insertion of a tube into the gallbladder through the abdominal wall. It
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the definition of chronic bacterial prostatitis. The current research on antimicrobial treatments for chronic bacterial prostatitis is insufficient.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Tripterygium wilfordii Hook F is a traditional Chinese medicine that has been used to treat rheumat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Cryoplasty is a relatively new technique that involves the use of cryogenic gases to freeze and thaw the arterial wall, which can help to dilate narrowed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Karam et al.  compared the efficacy of multiple-injection techniques with single-injection techniques
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of amniotomy and oxytocin for reducing the caesarean birth rate. The use of amniotomy and o
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Factor Xa inhibitors are more effective and safer than vitamin K antagonists for preventing strokes in people with atrial fibrillation. Factor Xa inhibitors are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that vitamin C can prevent or treat pneumonia. However, vitamin C may reduce the duration of mechanical ventilation and length of hospital stay in patients with p
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that high-dose chemotherapy followed by autologous stem cell transplantation improves survival in patients with non-rhabdomyosarcoma soft tissue
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laquinimod is effective and safe for treating multiple sclerosis. Laquinimod is a novel oral sphingosine 1-phosphate receptor modulator that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend nitrate vasodilators for acute heart failure syndromes. However, nitrate vasod
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kherad et al. 2019  showed that hydrocolloid dressings are effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. Theoretical approaches can be used to improve contraceptive choice and use, but there is not enough evidence to support this claim.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of in-work tax credit interventions on health outcomes in working-age adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Mannitol is a common osmotic diuretic used to treat intracranial hypertension. However, there is no clear evidence that mannitol is effective in managing intr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cycled lighting to improve growth in preterm infants. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of transabdominal amnioinfusion in women with oligohydramnios due to early rupture of membranes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of internal tocodynamometry over external tocodynamometry for labor induction or augmentation with intravenous oxytocin. Both
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pre-admission antibiotics in patients with suspected meningococcal disease. The use of pre-admission antibiotics in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that newborn screening for homocystinuria provides clinical benefits compared to later diagnosis. The benefits of newborn screening for homocystin
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise training improves exercise capacity in people after lung surgery for lung cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of acupuncture or exercise to reduce pelvic and back pain during pregnancy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question. The effectiveness of low-dose estrogen contraceptives is not well studied. However, there is evidence that low-dose est
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that WASH interventions improve the nutritional status of children under 18 years old. The relationship between WASH and nutrition is complex and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to find relevant studies. The search strategy included the following terms: “influenza vaccination
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the effectiveness of psychotherapeutic inter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,000 patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that trauma algorithms that include ultrasound examinations improve outcomes for patients with suspected blunt abdominal trauma. However, there is evidence that ultrasound examination can be
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of non-pharmacological interventions in treating antenatal depression.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of progesterone to prevent preterm birth in women at increased risk. The Cochrane systematic review of 11 trials including 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulised hypertonic saline solution in infants with acute viral bronchiolitis. A Cochrane systematic review published
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of weaning protocols to reduce the duration of mechanical ventilation in critically ill children. A systematic review by Liu et al.  found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of acupuncture for menopausal women with hot fl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of decision support interventions to help pregnant women decide on vaginal birth after a caesarean.
SUPPORTED. Transferring a single embryo during IVF reduces the risk of multiple pregnancies compared to transferring two embryos. The risk of multiple pregnancies is 15% after transferring two embry
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  compared the safety of neuraxial anaesthesia and general anaest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of Xuebijing injection in treating paraquat poisoning. The clinical research on the effectiveness of Xuebijing injection in treating paraqu
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antifibrinolytics in preventing bleeding in patients with haematological disorders. However, there is some evidence that supports the use of ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of insulin therapy for managing diabetes in people with cystic fibrosis. The use of insulin therapy in this population is not recommended due
REFUTED. Early delivery is the best approach for the health of the baby in the case of early onset severe pre-eclampsia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxygen therapy to improve the longevity or quality of life for individuals with cystic fibrosis. However, oxygen therapy is used
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Electromechanical and robotic-assisted gait training devices improve walking after a stroke. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of opioids for pain management in acute pancreatitis is not recommended due to the risk of complications such
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2013 included 11 RCTs
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Gabapentin is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant partial epilepsy . Gabapentin is a useful add-on treatment for partial epilepsy, especially for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of IMSI over ICSI in couples undergoing assisted reproduction techniques. The current evidence is limited to a single randomized controlled trial with a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antenatal antithrombotic therapy in women at risk of placental dysfunction. The use of aspirin in women with a history of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. Castor oil is not effective in inducing labor compared to other methods. A Cochrane review of 12 trials with 1,235 women showed that castor oil was no more effective than
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (See the systematic review by Chang et al. 2013 ).
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Topical tranexamic acid is effective in reducing blood loss and transfusion requirements in patients undergoing total knee arthroplasty.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of home visits after childbirth in improving health outcomes for mothers and babies. However, there is some evidence that home visits after childbirth can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Mazzoleni et al.  showed that respiratory muscle training (RMT) improves respir
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that hydroxyethyl starches negatively affect kidney function compared to other fluid therapies. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the statement
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct evidence from randomized controlled trials comparing allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation and immunosuppressive therapy for treating severe aplastic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing intermittent and continuous antipsychotic treatment in schizophrenia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of diet and exercise on weight loss after childbirth. However, a healthy diet and exercise are important for the health of the mother and child.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  found that there was not enough evidence to determine whether vaccinating healthcare workers in
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral morphine is effective in relieving cancer pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of partial liquid ventilation in adults with acute lung injury or acute respiratory distress syndrome. A systematic review published in 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, it is known that NSAIDs increase the risk of bleeding in adults after tonsillectomy. Therefore, it is recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of homocysteine-lowering drugs to improve outcomes in people with peripheral arterial disease. The evidence is insufficient because there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of enemas during the first stage of labour to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes. The use of enemas during the first stage of labour
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to compare the effectiveness of the contrace
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that surgery improves the outcomes of chemotherapy in patients with spinal tuberculosis. However, surgery is indicated in cases of neurological deficit, sp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of prison visit programs in reducing delinquency in at-risk youth.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of galantamine for vascular cognitive impairment or vascular dementia found that
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Fluphenazine is effective in treating schizophrenia. Fluphenazine is a first-generation antipsychotic that has been used to treat schizophren
SUPPORTED. (system-wide interventions improve the use of thromboprophylaxis in hospitalized patients at risk for VTE) . System-wide interventions have been shown to improve the use of th
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial on Padma 28 for intermittent claudication. Therefore, we cannot say whether Padma 28 is effective or not. However, there are
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychosocial interventions have been shown to improve the quality of life for patients with head and neck cancer. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled trials (R
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at adults with severe mental illness in increasing cancer screening uptake. However, there is evidence that people with severe mental illness have
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that once daily administration of low molecular weight heparin is as safe and effective as twice daily administration. The optimal dosing frequency of low molecular weight
REFUTED. There is no evidence that misoprostol is effective in reducing maternal mortality or severe morbidity when used for postpartum hemorrhage. The WHO recommends the use of misop
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of routine vaginal examinations for assessing progress during labor. The Cochrane review by Kulkarni et al. (20
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Perioperative antibiotic prophylaxis reduces the risk of endophthalmitis after cataract surgery. The use of perioperative antibiotic prophyl
SUPPORTED. Continuous support during labor is associated with a lower risk of cesarean delivery, lower risk of fetal acidosis, lower risk of postpartum depression, and higher satisfaction with childbirth experience.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of high-dose oxytocin in women delayed in labour. The current evidence is limited to small studies with conflicting results. Further
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of thiol derivatives for treating cystic fibrosis. However, there is some evidence that thiol derivatives can help reduce the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Hydrogel dressings are more effective than other types of dressings for healing foot ulcers in people with diabetes. Hydrogel dressings are more effective than other types of dressings for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016 compared the efficacy and safety of linezolid and vancomycin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the type of anaesthesia used during one-lung ventilation affects patient outcomes. The choice of anaesthesia is dependent
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE. Fluoride varnish is effective in preventing dental caries in children and adolescents . The Cochrane systematic review of 2017  showed that fluoride varnish is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that oxytoc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of a partogram is recommended by the WHO to monitor the progress of labor. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of a partogram in improving maternal and
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Internet-based interventions can help people quit smoking. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that Internet-based interventions can help people quit smoking
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The 2012 American College of Chest Physicians (ACCP) guidelines recommend a 10-mg loading
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend oral anticoagulation for patients with mechanical valves. The addition of antiplatelet agents to oral ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of vaginal cones in managing female urinary stress incontinence. The Cochrane systematic review of 2017 included 10
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pegylated liposomal doxorubicin in the treatment of relapsed epithelial ovarian cancer. A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear effective treatment method for managing mandibular fractures in adults. The treatment of mandibular fractures is complex and depends on the type and location of the fracture,
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct evidence from randomized trials comparing anthracycline-containing regimens with other treatments in patients with advanced follicular lymphoma. However, anth
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to promote informed consent on patient understanding before surgical procedures.
REFUTED. The oral cholera vaccine Dukoral® is not effective in preventing ETEC diarrhoea in travellers. The vaccine is effective in preventing cholera, but not ETEC diarr
RIFUTED: There is sufficient evidence to refute this hypothesis. Rifampicin is more effective than isoniazid in preventing active tuberculosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether there is any advantage to closing the peritoneum during non-obstetric ab
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of omega-3 fatty acids in people with intermittent claudication. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that om
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,129 patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotic prophylaxis to prevent UTIs in adults with short-term catheterization. The most recent Cochrane
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacological agents to reduce the risks associated with laryngoscopy and tracheal intubation in high-risk patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of the CHIVA method in treating varicose veins compared to other techniques. CHIVA is a relatively new technique that has been used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous immunoglobulin in the prevention of infections in preterm or low birth weight infants. However, there is
REFUTED. There is no evidence that IVIG reduces mortality in neonates with suspected infection. A Cochrane systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1,03
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of surgical techniques for adults with faecal incontinence. The current literature is limited to small studies with short-term follow-up.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effect of progestin-only contraceptives on weight gain is controversial. Some studies have shown that progestin-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research is focused on the effectiveness of thiamine in preventing and treating Wernicke-Korsakoff syndrome caused
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of acupuncture for stress urinary incontinence in adults found that the current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Acetaminophen is a commonly used over-the-counter medication for treating pain, fever, and headaches. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of acet
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cognitive rehabilitation is effective in improving functional independence in stroke patients with neglect.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Early laparoscopic cholecystectomy is more beneficial than delayed surgery for uncomplicated biliary colic. The current evidence suggests that early laparoscopic ch
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Early laparoscopic cholecystectomy is safer than delayed laparoscopic cholecystectomy for treating acute cholecystitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  included 11 RCTs with 1,26
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on the treatment of cholelithiasis with Chinese medicinal herbs is mainly based on animal experiments and case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The maintenance therapy for ovarian cancer is still controversial. The maintenance therapy with bevacizumab or cediran
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
Eflornithine and NECT are effective treatments for second-stage sleeping sickness .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of zinc supplementation in the treatment of thalassaemia and sickle cell disease. However, zinc deficiency is common in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is limited evidence on the impact of decentralising HIV treatment on patient access and retention in care. A systematic review of decentralised HIV care found that decentralised care was associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of immunomodulatory interventions to reduce seizure frequency in adults with focal epilepsy. The current evidence is limited to small
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the efficacy of ibuprofen and oxycod
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of lock therapy in the treatment of CVC-related infections in children with cancer. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case series.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Alginate dressings are effective for the treatment of diabetic foot ulcers. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that alginate dressings are effective for the
SUPPORTED. tDCS is effective in improving aphasia in stroke patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of valproate in migraine prevention is still controversial. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (
EFFECTIVE: (effective). Topiramate is effective in preventing migraine attacks in adults. Topiramate is a preventive medication for migraine that has been shown to be effective in several clinical trials. It works
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Gabapentin is effective for preventing migraine attacks in adults. Gabapentin is effective for migraine prophylaxis in adults. The efficacy of gabapentin is comparable to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is limited to the effectiveness of gabapentin, pregabalin, topiramate, and valproate
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of colony stimulating factors in the treatment of stroke. The use of colony stimulating factors in the treatment of stroke is not recommended.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral corticosteroids in the treatment of cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence to support the use of oral cortic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no standard treatment for cutaneous Bowen's disease. However, the most common treatment is surgery, which involves removing the lesion with a scalpel or laser. Other options include
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kwon et al.  compared the efficacy of ibuprofen and paracetamol for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxytocin in slow progress of labour to reduce the rate of caesarean sections. The Cochrane review by Chin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The WHO recommends the use of ready-to-use therapeutic foods (RUTF) for the treatment of moderate ac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the use of T-tube drainage after laparoscopic common bile duct exploration. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether T
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence in the literature that T-tube drainage is beneficial compared to primary closure after common bile duct exploration for stones. The decision to use a T-t
SUPPORTED. Screening for lung cancer with low-dose computed tomography (LDCT) reduces lung cancer mortality in high-risk individuals . The National Lung Screening Trial (NLST) showed a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of QTc screening in preventing heart problems in patients treated with methadone for opioid dependence.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) High-dose chemotherapy followed by autologous stem cell transplantation improves outcomes for patients with relapsed Hodgkin lymphoma. The treatment of relapsed H
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at supporting parents after perinatal death. However, there is evidence that interventions aimed at supporting parents after perinatal death
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intranasal ipratropium bromide for the treatment of rhinorrhoea in people with the common cold.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of surgical intervention in traumatic optic neuropathy. However, surgical decompression may be considered in patients with severe optic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tricyclic drugs are not recommended for treating depression in children and adolescents due to their side effects and lack of evidence for their efficacy.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . The beneficial effects of green and black tea on cardiovascular disease have been reported in several studies. A meta-analysis of 15 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Amniotomy is effective in shortening the length of labour and increasing the rate of vaginal delivery. However, it is associated with increased risk of maternal infection.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intravenous fluids to reduce the duration of labor in low-risk women. The Cochrane review on this topic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that adjuvant interferon alpha improves survival in high-risk cutaneous melanoma patients. The EORTC 18992 trial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of zinc in the treatment of the common cold. However, zinc has been shown to be effective in reducing the duration of symptoms when given within
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of steroids in traumatic optic neuropathy. A Cochrane review in 2017  included 10 studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vaccination against Pseudomonas aeruginosa in cystic fibrosis is not effective in reducing infections from Pseudomonas aeruginosa in cystic fib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of specialist home-based nursing services for children in improving health outcomes compared to hospital care.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of immunomodulatory and immunosuppressive agents other than corticosteroids, immunogl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of NSAIDs in slowing lung disease progression in cystic fibrosis. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dehumidifiers in the home environment to improve asthma control. A Cochrane review published in 2016 found no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is a trend towards a lower rebleeding rate with higher doses of proton pump inhibitors.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of low-molecular-weight heparins in the management of vaso-occlusive crises in sickle cell disease. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The common cold is caused by a variety of viruses, and the effectiveness of vaccines in preventing the common cold depends on the specific virus targeted by the vaccine. Currently, there are no
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Drug therapy is effective for treating faecal incontinence. The most commonly used drugs are antidiarrheal agents, laxatives, and anticholinergic agents.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that the use of a tourniquet during varicose vein surgery is beneficial or harmful. However, the use of a tourniquet during surgery is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that non-pharmacological treatments are effective for managing pruritus in palliative care patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The use of regular formoterol with inhaled corticosteroids is not well studied in people with chronic asthma. There is insufficient evidence to determine the safety of this
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . SSRIs are effective for treating premenstrual syndrome .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that Ginkgo biloba had no significant effect on walking
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of thrombolysis over surgery for treating acute limb ischaemia. However, the choice of treatment should be based on the patient'
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that home palliative care increases the likelihood of patients dying at home. The current research shows that home palliative care can increase the likelihood of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of isoflavones to lower cholesterol levels in people with hypercholesterolaemia. A systematic review of 11
SUPPORTED. (Natalizumab and interferon ß-1a (Rebif) are more effective than other treatments for preventing relapses in multiple sclerosis.) Natalizumab and inter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2015  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic anticonvulsants in patients with chronic subdural haematoma. The use of prophylactic anticon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fluoroquinolones in the treatment of drug-sensitive tuberculosis. However, the use of fluoroquinolones in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nutritional screening in improving patient outcomes. The evidence is limited by the heterogeneity of the studies, the lack of standardization of nut
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION:  (There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine whether iron therapy improves
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Mass media interventions are effective in reducing smoking among adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is not enough evidence to support the use of opioid antagonists for smoking c
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding interferon to chemotherapy improves survival in women with advanced ovarian cancer after surgery. The EORTC 1401/NO14
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of retinoids in the treatment of cervical intra-epithelial neoplasia. However, there is some evidence that
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Foam wound dressings are effective for healing foot ulcers in people with diabetes. Foam dressings are effective in reducing the time to heal venous ulcers, but there is insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to promote shared decision-making in improving the involvement of children with cancer in their healthcare decisions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of electrical stimulation with non-implanted devices for treating urinary incontinence in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that automated closed loop systems help reduce the time needed to wean patients from mechanical ventilation. However, there is evidence that automated closed loop systems can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
REFUTED. The use of high levels of PEEP in patients with acute lung injury and ARDS is not associated with improved survival . The use of high levels of PEEP can lead to hemodynamic instability
SUPPORTED. Antimicrobial catheters reduce the risk of bloodstream infections in hospitalized patients . Antimicrobial catheters are coated with antimicrobial substances that release into
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Music interventions can reduce preoperative anxiety in surgical patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that adding epidural analgesia during cardiac surgery reduces the risk of complications. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2012  included 11 RCTs with 746 patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the treatment of middle third clavicle fractures. The treatment of middle third clavicle fractures is controversial. Some authors recommend conservative treatment, while others recommend surg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the treatment of thoracolumbar burst fractures without neurological deficit. The treatment options include non-surgical treatment and surgical treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. . There is evidence that drug therapy can relieve pain in ALS. The most commonly used drugs are opioids, antidepressants, anticonvulsants, and muscle relaxants. The use
SUPPORTED. Creatine supplementation improves muscle strength in patients with neuromuscular disorders .
EFFECTIVE. Rehabilitation after carpal tunnel surgery is effective in reducing pain and improving function.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Huangqi (Astragalus membranaceus) is a commonly used herb in traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) for the treatment of nephrotic syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2012  included 10 RCTs with 1002
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of occupational therapy in improving daily living independence in stroke survivors in care homes. However, a recent systematic review found that occupational therapy can improve upper
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of slow-release oral morphine as an effective alternative treatment for opioid dependence. The use of slow-release oral morphine for the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of mass media campaigns in reducing illicit drug use among young people.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is based on a single RCT with a small sample size. The results of this study are not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium is not recommended for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of magnesium for the prevention of alcohol withdrawal syndrome
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of cognitive training in improving outcomes for people with mild Alzheimer'
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no preferred pharmaceutical treatment for infantile spasms that effectively controls seizures and improves long-term outcomes. The first-line treatment for infantile
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Mammographic screening for breast cancer reduces mortality .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of randomized controlled trials of recombinant human growth hormone therapy in children and young adults with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 studies and found no evidence that adjuvant antibiotics
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the timing of dornase alfa inhalation affects clinical outcomes in people with cystic fibrosis. The optimal timing of d
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of palivizumab in children with cystic fibrosis. A randomised controlled trial was conducted to evaluate the effic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tyrosine is a precursor of catecholamines and melanin. Phenylketonuria (PKU) is a rare autosomal recess
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of hormone therapy on sexual function in perimenopausal and postmenopausal women is still controversial. Some
EFFECTIVE: (yes). The levonorgestrel-releasing intrauterine system (LNG-IUS) is effective for treating atypical endometrial hyperplasia (AEH) .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, elective preterm birth is not recommended for fetuses with gastroschisis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antispasmodics to shorten the duration of labour in term pregnancies. Antispasmodics are not recommended for routine use in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Interconception care is a term used to describe care provided to women between pregnancies. It aims to improve maternal and child health outcomes by addressing health issues that may have contributed to the development
SUPPORTED. . Increasing fruit and vegetable consumption helps prevent cardiovascular disease. The consumption of fruits and vegetables is associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease. The protective effect of fruits and vegetables is attributed to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adenosine or verapamil improve outcomes for patients with acute myocardial infarction undergoing primary percutaneous coronary intervention. However,
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Educational and behavioral interventions improve anticoagulation control in patients with atrial fibrillation.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that NSAIDs are effective in treating symptoms of the common cold. The common cold is a viral infection and NSAIDs are not effective in treating viral infections.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2019 included 11 RCTs with 1026 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that inhaling steam can treat the common cold. The common cold is a viral infection and antibiotics are not effective in treating it. Steam inhalation is
REFUTED. There is no evidence that antibiotics are effective in treating the common cold . The common cold is a viral infection, and antibiotics are effective against bacterial infections.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in patients with bacterial meningitis. However, the use of corticosteroids in bacterial meningitis is
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is an effective treatment for childhood and adolescent anxiety disorders. The efficacy of CBT for anxiety disorders in children and adolescents has
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of lifestyle interventions for people with chronic gout.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of face-to-face interventions in improving childhood vaccination rates and parental knowledge.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Foam dressings are not superior to other dressings in the treatment of venous leg ulcers. However, they are more expensive and have more side effects . Foam dressings are not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of flow-regulated shunt valves over differential pressure-regulated shunt valves in adults with normal pressure hydrocephalus.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no relevant clinical research on the effect of Xiongshao capsule on preventing restenosis after PCI in patients with coronary heart disease. Therefore, it is not possible
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of home- and community-based management strategies in improving access to malaria treatment. However, there is evidence that these strategies can improve access to mal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Electro-coagulation is a minimally invasive procedure that uses an electrode to deliver an electrical current to the tumor site, causing the tissue to heat up and coagulate
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (NRT, bupropion, and varenicline are effective for smoking cessation). NRT, bupropion, and varenicline are effective for smoking cessation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the efficacy and safety of rituximab for treating thy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of telephone-delivered interventions for HIV prevention in HIV-negative individuals.
SUPPORTED. Telephone interventions can help improve health outcomes for people with HIV. Telephone interventions can improve adherence to antiretroviral therapy (ART) and reduce viral load in people with HIV [
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clear evidence that pedicle screw fixation provides clear benefits for treating traumatic spine fractures. However, pedicle screw fixation is often used in the treatment of tra
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the treatment of radial head fractures. The treatment of radial head fractures is challenging due to the complex anatomy of the radial head and the lack of high-
SUPPORTED. rTMS improves function in people with stroke .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that G-CSF therapy improves outcomes in patients with acute myocardial infarction. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of G-CSF
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that tacrolimus is better than cyclosporin for lung transplant recipients. The choice of immunosuppressive regimen should be individual
ENOUGH INFORMATION. The Cochrane systematic review  showed that multifactorial interventions reduce the incidence of falls after stroke. The review included 11 studies with a total of 2,19
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Percutaneous ethanol injection is a minimally invasive procedure that involves the injection of ethanol into the tumor through a needle. It is used to treat liver metast
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that antidepressants were effective in treating depression in women
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review of rTMS in ALS showed that there is no clear evidence of the effectiveness of rTMS in A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous intensive monitoring of physiological variables to improve outcomes for people with acute stroke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that airway clearance techniques improve health-related quality of life in individuals with bronchiectasis. However, there is also no evidence that airway clearance techniques w
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether early mobilization after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage reduces the risk of death from rebleeding compared to prolonged
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The MAGIC trial (n = 503) showed that perioperative chemotherapy with 5-FU and cisplatin did not improve overall survival (OS) compared with surgery
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of inhaled combination therapy compared to tiotropium for treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of beta-blockers for secondary prevention of stroke
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cervical pessary in preventing preterm birth in women at risk for cervical incompetence. The use of cerv
SUPPORTED. Quetiapine is a second-generation antipsychotic that has been approved for the treatment of schizophrenia. It has a similar efficacy to typical antipsychotics in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific intervention for managing hypothyroidism during pregnancy. The current recommendation is to treat pregnant women with hypothyroidism with levothyro
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective in treating fibromyalgia. Acupuncture is effective in reducing pain, improving quality of life, and reducing the severity of symptoms in patients with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal duration of intravenous antibiotic therapy in treating chest exacerphorations in cystic fibrosis is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016 concluded that there is insufficient evidence to support the use of flavonoids in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of driving assessment in helping people with dementia continue driving safely. However, driving assessment is recommended to identify the level of impairment and to
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Probiotics are effective in preventing Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea. The use of probiotics in the prevention of Clostridium diff
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Continuous cardiotocography (CTG) is a method of fetal surveillance that is used to monitor the fetal heart rate and uterine contractions during labor. The use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2015 included 11 RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of prophylactic antibiotics is not recommended for transcervical intrauterine procedures. However, the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Exercise is beneficial for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis or motor neuron disease. A systematic review of 11 studies with 380
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of hyperbaric bupivacaine for anaesthesia in caesarean sections. The current evidence is insufficient to draw any
RELIABLE: (supported) . Rivastigmine is effective in treating vascular cognitive impairment or vascular dementia. Rivastigmine is a reversible acetylcholinesterase
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of hyperbaric oxygen treatment for malignant otitis externa. However, there is a case report of a patient with malignant otitis
SUPPORTED. Etanercept is more effective than traditional DMARDs for treating rheumatoid arthritis. Etanercept is a TNF-α inhibitor that has been shown to be effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of the Joel-Cohen incision over the Pfannenstiel incision for caesarean sections. The Pfannenstiel
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Intermittent exotropia is a type of strabismus that is characterized by the inability to maintain proper alignment of the eyes. It is a common condition that affects approximately 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the use of topical and oral NSAIDs for lateral elbow pain was conducted, but
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxcarbazepine over phenytoin for seizures. The two drugs have similar efficacy and safety profiles. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Acetylcysteine and carbocysteine are not recommended for the treatment of acute respiratory infections in children. There is insufficient evidence to support the use
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The use of continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is the most effective treatment for obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) . CPAP is a form of pressur
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based) Vaccinating women of childbearing age or pregnant women helps prevent neonatal tetanus. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends that pregnant women and women
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of attentional treatment for stroke survivors.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Mitoxantrone is effective in treating relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) and secondary progressive multiple sclerosis (SPMS) . It is
SUPPORTED. Proton pump inhibitors are more effective than H2-receptor antagonists for treating heartburn in adults . Proton pump inhibitors are more effective than H2-receptor antagonists for treating
REFUTED. There is no evidence that delaying the introduction of enteral feeds increases the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or very low birth weight infants. In fact, there is evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of folic or folinic acid supplementation to reduce side effects in rheumatoid arthritis patients treated with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium sulphate is the only drug recommended to prevent preterm birth at present. However, the evidence for magnesium sulphate is not strong enough to support its use in
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of enemas during labor to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes. The use of enemas during labor is not recommended by the World Health Organization
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of physician advice on smoking cessation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fetal ECG waveform analysis is not a method of fetal monitoring. It is a method of fetal assessment. There is no evidence that fetal ECG waveform analysis impro
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The effectiveness of combination injectable contraceptives in preventing pregnancy is supported by clinical research. The most recent Cochrane review of the effectiveness of injectable contraceptives showed that dep
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend the maintenance of balloon inflation during pregnancy. However, the maintenance of balloon inflation during pregnancy is not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intra-articular glucocorticoids are not recommended for acute gout. However, intra-articular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Desmopressin acetate is not routinely used to prevent or treat bleeding during pregnancy in women with congenital bleeding disorders. However, there is limited evidence from case reports
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (effective). The combination of mammography and breast ultrasonography is more effective than mammography alone for screening women at average risk of breast cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that screening for atrial fibrillation (AF) increases the detection of new cases compared to routine practice
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that transarterial (chemo)embolisation provides a survival benefit for patients with liver metastases. However, it can be used as a palliative
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Levomepromazine is a first-generation antipsychotic drug that has been used to treat nausea and vomiting in the past. However, there is currently insufficient evidence
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based) There is evidence that multimodal therapy is effective in reducing pain and disability in adults with complex regional pain syndrome. Multimodal therapy includes a combination of pharmacological and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, the current guidelines recommend that low-grade gliomas should be treated with surgical resection.
SUPPORTED. Pedometer interventions are effective in increasing physical activity in the workplace. Pedometers are a simple, inexpensive, and effective tool for increasing physical activity in the workplace. Pedometer-based interventions have
SUPPORTED. Antiretroviral therapy in HIV-infected individuals reduces the risk of HIV transmission to their uninfected partners. The risk of HIV transmission is reduced by 96% when the HIV-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to hire, retain, and train district health systems managers in improving health system performance in low- and middle-income countries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of sulphonylureas over other antidiabetic options for Type 2 diabetes. The efficacy and safety of sulphonylure
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Phyllanthus species have been used in traditional medicine to treat liver diseases, but their effectiveness in treating chronic hepatitis B
SUPPORTED. Physical exercise training improves physical fitness in children with cancer.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Diclofenac is effective for treating acute migraine headaches. A 2018 Cochrane review found that NSAIDs, including diclofenac,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vitamin K is an essential nutrient that is required for the synthesis of coagulation factors II, VII, IX, and X. Vitamin K deficiency can lead to coag
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of hormonal contraceptives in preventing unplanned pregnancies for overweight or obese women. The effectiveness of hormonal contracept
SUPPORTED. Multimedia education about medications is more effective than traditional education methods .
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cognitive rehabilitation improves executive function in adults with stroke or acquired brain injuries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Somatostatin analogues are not routinely used in pancreatic surgery. However, they may be used in selected cases, such as in patients with a high risk of postoper
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of topical nasal steroids for treating nasal polyps in people with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that statins improve functional outcome or mortality in patients with
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Aspirin is effective for treating acute migraine headaches. Aspirin is effective for treating acute migraine headaches. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that paracetamol was effective for acute migraine
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Ibuprofen is effective for treating acute migraine headaches. Ibuprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSA
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that one type of initial arch wire is more effective than another for aligning teeth in orthodontic treatment. The choice of initial arch wire depends on several factors, including
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based practice) Peripheral IV catheters should be replaced only when clinically indicated rather than routinely. The routine replacement of peripheral IV catheters is not recommended. The routine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of different nebuliser systems for treating cystic fibrosis is not clear. The choice of nebuliser system
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Physical tests are not effective for diagnosing shoulder impingement and related lesions. The clinical diagnosis of shoulder impingement is based on the patient's history, physical examination, and imag
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, the use of systemic corticosteroids in ocular toxoplasmosis is controversial. Some studies have shown
SUPPORTED. Temozolomide is a chemotherapy drug that is used to treat high grade glioma. It works by damaging the DNA of cancer cells, which can lead to their death. Several studies have shown that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The use of single inhaler therapy for asthma is a topic of ongoing research and debate. Some studies have shown that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether interventions are effective in preventing Mycobacterium avium complex infection in people with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of screening for intimate partner violence in healthcare settings on women's wellbeing.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. Palivizumab is effective in reducing hospitalisations due to RSV infection in high-risk infants and children. Palivizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of antiplatelet drugs in preventing thrombotic events in patients with polycythaemia vera or essential thromb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at improving patient education and support in increasing adherence to glaucoma medication.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines do not recommend interval debulking surgery for advanced ovarian cancer. However, the guidelines do not specifically
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that rutosides were effective in reducing the symptoms of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, the systematic review of Chinese herbal medicine for uterine fibroids showed that the evidence was insufficient to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal sequencing of chemotherapy and radiotherapy is still controversial. Some studies suggest that sequencing of chemotherapy and radiotherapy does
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cannabis for improving health outcomes in patients with HIV. The current research has shown that cannabis use is associated with a higher risk of HIV infection
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antenatal digital perineal massage to reduce the incidence of perineal trauma during birth. However, there is evidence that digital perine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to prove that Chinese medicinal herbs are effective for short-term remission of advanced gastric cancer. However, there are some studies that have shown that Chinese
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of infant massage in promoting physical and mental health in infants. However, there are some studies that have shown positive effects of infant massage on improving sleep
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fondaparinux is a parenteral anticoagulant that is used for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. It
SUPPORTED. . There is sufficient evidence that a long-term modest reduction in salt intake lowers blood pressure.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of evening primrose oil or borage oil for the treatment of atopic eczema. However, there is some evidence that evening primrose oil
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Penicillin, amoxicillin, and cephalosporins are the most effective antibiotics for treating streptococcal pharyngitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the effectiveness of antihypertensive drugs for the treatment of postpartum hypertension (P
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013 compared sacral colpopexy with vaginal procedures for treating pelv
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The contraceptive effectiveness of the patch is similar to that of oral contraceptives. The contraceptive effectiveness of the vaginal ring is similar to that of oral contrace
SUPPORTED. Antibiotic stewardship programs have been shown to reduce antibiotic resistance and improve patient outcomes. Antibiotic stewardship programs have been shown to reduce antibiotic resistance by optimizing antib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of lung lavage for new
EFFECTIVE: Yes, ibuprofen is effective for closing a patent ductus arteriosus in preterm infants .
SUPPORTED. Benzodiazepines are effective in controlling disturbed behavior and reducing psychotic symptoms when used alone or with antipsychotics .
SUPPORTED. Non-invasive ventilation (NIV) is a well-established treatment for patients with cystic fibrosis (CF) and chronic respiratory failure. NIV improves lung
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) is a treatment option for post-menopausal women to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease. HRT has been shown to reduce the
SUPPORTED. (evidence). School-based interventions have been shown to reduce smoking initiation among young people. A Cochrane review of 104 studies found that school-based interventions reduced smoking initiation
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Prostanoids have been shown to improve claudication pain and walking distance in patients with intermittent claudication.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Azathioprine and 6-mercaptopurine are effective in inducing remission in active Crohn's disease. The efficacy of azathiopr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that garlic supplementation did not improve walking distance in patients with peripher
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ibuprofen and codeine combination for pain relief. The combination of ibuprofen and codeine is not recommended for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 RCTs (n = 2,465) comparing hCG with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Nidotherapy is a treatment approach that involves the use of low doses of medication to treat specific symptoms of schizophrenia. The evidence for the effectiveness of nidotherapy in sch
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether one method of induction of labour is more effective than another in women with a previous caesarean birth. The optimal method of induction of labour
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
REFUTED. The Valsalva manoeuvre is not effective in terminating supraventricular tachycardia . The Valsalva manoeuvre is a manoeuvre in which
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sulthiame is no longer used in the treatment of epilepsy due to its side effects. There is no current research on the use of sulthiame in epilepsy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support the effectiveness of subintimal angioplasty for treating chronic lower limb artery occlusion.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled corticosteroids in the treatment of subacute and chronic cough in adults. The current evidence is limited to case reports and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of different dietary advice for women with gestational diabetes. However, the current recommendation is to follow a healthy diet with a low glycemic
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Helicopter emergency medical services transport improves survival for adults with major trauma compared to ground emergency medical services transport.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ACE inhibitors in the prevention of kidney complications in people with sickle cell disease. ACE inhibitors are commonly used in the
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to prove the effectiveness of a specific method of administering heparin to pregnant women. However, there are some recommendations for the administration of heparin in pregnant women
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Pathogen-reduced platelets are effective in preventing bleeding in patients needing transfusions. The use of pathogen-reduced platelets is associated with a lower risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of osmotic therapies in patients with bacterial meningitis. However, there is some evidence that hypertonic saline nasal spray
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Computer-based self-management interventions improve glycemic control in adults with type 2 diabetes . Computer-based self-management interventions improve self-efficacy in adults
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological interventions to prevent a second stroke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend the use of endovascular stent grafts for the treatment of thoracic aortic an
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the benefit of pre-treatment surgical assessment of para-aortic lymph nodes in women with locally advanced cervical cancer. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. HPV testing is more accurate than repeat cytology for detecting serious cervical lesions in women with ASCUS or LSIL. The evidence suggests that HPV testing is
LABEL: SUPPORTED. OXC is effective for treating neuropathic pain . OXC is a 10-keto derivative of carbamazepine, which is a dibenzazep
EFFECTIVE: De-escalation of antimicrobial treatment is effective for adults with sepsis .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question. The decision to stop antipsychotic medications in older people with dementia should be made by a healthcare professional in consultation with the patient or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of acupuncture for traumatic brain injury (TBI
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-obesity drugs to reduce blood pressure in patients with elevated blood pressure. The effect of anti-obesity drugs on blood
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether there is an ideal position for mothers during caesarean section that improves outcomes. The current literature is limited to observational studies and case series.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of damage control surgery for major abdominal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of wound drains after breast surgery is a controversial topic. Some studies have suggested that drains may help to reduce the risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Folic acid supplementation during pregnancy is associated with a reduced risk of neural tube defects, preterm birth, and preeclampsia. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of fol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of exit interview strategies in reducing turnover rates among healthcare professionals. However, the current research suggests that exit interviews can provide valuable feedback and insights into the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions targeting healthcare professionals in improving adherence to infection control guidelines.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that prebiotics in infant feeds can help prevent allergies. However, the results of the research are not conclusive,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that educational games improve health professionals' performance and patient outcomes.
SUPPORTED. Parenting interventions can help prevent unintentional injuries in children. A systematic review of 11 studies found that parenting interventions can reduce the risk of unintentional injuries in children . The interventions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is conflicting. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that systemic cortic
SUPPORTED. The fixed-dose combination of three NRTIs is effective for initial treatment of HIV infection. The combination of NRTIs is effective for initial treatment of HIV infection. The combination of NRTIs is effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether wound cleansing solutions and techniques improve the healing of pressure ulcers. The use of wound cleansing solutions and techniques is common in clinical practice,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that employing current or past consumers of mental health services as providers improves client outcomes. However, there is some evidence that peer support workers can be
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not recommended for the treatment of acute laryngitis because it is usually caused by viruses. However, antibiotics may be prescribed in cases of acute laryng
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of lactase in preterm infants to improve growth and feeding tolerance. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. A random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to find relevant studies. The search strategy included the following terms: brain abscess,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that mechanical ventilation improves survival in people with ALS. However, the use of non-invasive ventilation may prolong survival in patients with ALS who
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016 compared the efficacy of continuous epidural analgesia and patient-controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of different types of contraceptives on pregnancy prevention and health outcomes in women with diabetes. However, there is evidence that combined oral contracept
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the optimal treatment of symptomatic PDA in preterm infants. The current treatment options include medical treatment with pharmacologic agents (indomethacin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend routine preoperative skin antisepsis for clean surgery. However, the guidelines recommend preoperative
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The timing of loading dental implants is a controversial topic in the literature. Some studies have shown that immediate loading of dental implants may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of Ginkgo biloba for tinnitus found that the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review by Chopra et al. (2013)  compared the effectiveness of stepwise car
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that functional treatment is more effective than immobilisation for acute ankle sprains. A systematic review of randomised controlled trials found that there was no clear evidence of
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Communication skills training is effective in improving the communication skills of healthcare professionals in cancer care .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific positioning of newborn infants receiving mechanical ventilation to improve their respiratory outcomes. The optimal positioning of newborn inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of prophylactic antifungal therapy in very preterm or very low birth weight infants. A Cochrane review
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Artichoke leaf extract has been shown to reduce total and LDL cholesterol levels in several clinical trials. The mechanism of action is thought to be due to the presence of lute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no specific functional treatment strategy that is most effective for acute lateral ankle ligament ruptures. The current evidence is insufficient to determine the most effective functional treatment strategy for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium antagonists in reducing seizures in people with drug-resistant epilepsy. However, there is some evidence that suggests that
SUPPORTED. Interprofessional education improves collaboration and patient care compared to traditional education methods .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that providing dietary advice leads to improved cardiovascular health in healthy adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of fissure sealants in preventing dental caries in children and adolescents is still controversial. Some studies have shown
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that slow advancement of enteral feeding reduces the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in very preterm or VLBW inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 studies and found no evidence of the effect of perioper
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Buflomedil is a calcium channel blocker that has been used in the past to treat peripheral vascular disease. However, it was withdrawn from the market in 19
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of pharmacist-provided non-dispensing services in improving patient outcomes in low- and middle-income countries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Ciclesonide is a corticosteroid that is used to treat asthma. It is available as an inhaler and is often used as a long-term control medication
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that non-pharmacological interventions are effective in treating spasticity in adults with multiple sclerosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether interventions help parents decide on autopsy consent after stillbirth.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to improve outcomes for pregnant women who have undergone female genital cutting.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that eradicating MRSA improves health outcomes for cystic fibrosis patients. However, there is also no evidence that eradicating MRSA worsens
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current clinical research has not provided sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness and safety of GABA receptor agonists
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Daily use of inhaled corticosteroids is more effective than intermittent use for managing persistent asthma. The use of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Hydralazine is a vasodilator that has been used to treat hypertensive emergencies and to induce labor in pregnant women. There are no studies that have evaluated the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend therapeutic hypothermia for children after cardiopulmonary arrest. However, the evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium sulphate is a neuroprotective agent in animal models of hypoxia-ischemia. However, the evidence in humans is conflicting. The MAGPI
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 studies with 480 patients showed that spinal cord stimulation was effective in reducing pain in
ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is sufficient evidence to support the statement that nurse-led care is as effective as physician-led care for managing asthma. Nurses can provide effective care for patients with asthma
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear recommendation for the best surgical approach to reverse tubal sterilization. The choice of surgical technique depends on the surgeon's preference and expertise, as well as
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that interventions to improve prescribing for older people in care homes have a positive effect on resident outcomes. A systematic review of 11 studies found that interventions to improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of immobilisation for treating hyperextension injuries of the proximal interphalangeal joints. However, there is insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend starting antiretroviral therapy (ART) as soon as possible in HIV patients with cryptococcal men
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of progestogens in treating uterine fibroids in premenopausal women. The current evidence is limited to small, short
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Conducting a medication review improves health outcomes for hospitalized adult patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of restorative justice conferencing programmes in reducing re-offending in young offenders. A systematic review by Wren et al. (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of inhaled corticosteroids for the treatment of sub
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of antiplatelet agents in patients with chronic kidney disease is controversial. On the one hand, antiplatelet
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 studies with 1,128 patients showed that there was no significant difference in overall
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that interventions can improve adherence to dietary advice for chronic disease management. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that inter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of "red flag" features from clinical history and examination in screening for spinal malignancy in low-back pain patients.
SUPPORTED. Improving housing conditions can lead to better health outcomes for residents. For example, a systematic review of 14 studies found that housing improvements, such as double-glazed windows, central heating, and insulation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of other pharmacological agents for Guillain-Barré syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  showed that the incidence of postoperative complications was significantly lower in patients who
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Baclofen is effective and safe for treating severe alcohol withdrawal syndrome . The use of baclofen for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal syndrome has been supported by several studies. A randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the use of oral antihistamines in the treatment of eczema in children and adults. The use of oral antihistamines in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Macrolides are not recommended for the treatment of diffuse panbronchiolitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether induction of labour in the evening improves outcomes compared to induction in the morning.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) School-based interventions can effectively promote physical activity in children and adolescents.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Topical capsaicin is effective in relieving chronic neuropathic pain in adults. Capsaicin is a safe and effective treatment for neuropathic pain. It
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether antiepileptic drugs are effective in preventing seizures after craniotomy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that restricting caffeine intake during pregnancy improves fetal and maternal outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of adjuvant chemotherapy in managing advanced uterine carcinosarcoma. However, the use of adjuvant chemotherapy is common
EFFECTIVE: (supported) . Enzyme replacement therapy is effective for treating Anderson-Fabry disease. The enzyme replacement therapy is effective in reducing the symptoms and complications of Anderson-Fabry disease.
SUPPORTED. Aripiprazole is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to other atypical antipsychotics. Aripiprazole is a third-generation antipsychotic that is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The neuroprotective agents that have been studied in open angle glaucoma include antioxidants, anti-infl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 RCTs with 1,038 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no standard treatment regimen for ovarian carcinosarcoma after surgery. The most common treatment is chemotherapy, but the optimal regimen is not clear. The most
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) guidelines recommend preoperative chemoradiotherapy (CRT)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that interventions for treating conjunctival squamous cell carcinoma in HIV-infected individuals improve outcomes. However, there is a lack of research on this topic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the effectiveness of antibiotics for the treatment of breast abscesses in breastfeeding women included
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness and safety of spinal surgery for people with Duchenne muscular dystrophy and scoliosis. However, there is evidence that
SUPPORTED. Laparoscopy is a safer and more effective option than laparotomy for treating early-stage ovarian cancer. The current evidence suggests that laparoscopy is a safe and effective option for treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kisely et al. (2013) found that there is no evidence for the effectiveness of early warning
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend pre-emptive treatment with antiviral medications for patients with high-risk of CMV disease, such
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the use of honey to improve the healing rate of acute and chronic wounds. However, honey is effective in treating acute and chronic wounds.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of multinutrient fortified breast milk to improve growth and development of preterm infants after hospital discharge. The current research has not been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of macronutrient interventions to improve health outcomes in people living with HIV.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Methotrexate is not recommended for the treatment of axial spondyloarthritis, including AS, according to the 2016 update of the ASAS
SUPPORTED. Endothelin receptor antagonists improve outcomes in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence) Therapeutic exercise is effective in improving symptoms for people with osteoarthritis.
SUPPORTED. High frequency oscillation is an effective treatment for patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of pessaries for the treatment of pelvic organ prolapse is controversial. Some studies have shown that pess
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  showed that there was no significant difference in the amputation rate between the spinal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the placement of enteral feeding tubes in preterm or low birth weight infants affects their growth and development. The current literature does not provide
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of lower tidal volume ventilation improves survival in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiviral medications to prevent CMV disease in solid organ transplant recipients. However, there is evidence to support the use of antiv
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that there was no difference in mortality, NEC
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of naloxone in newborns exposed to opiates in utero. The use of naloxone in newborns exposed
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Tapered methadone is effective in managing opioid withdrawal compared to other treatments. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that tap
REFUTED. The use of a pulmonary artery catheter in critically ill patients does not improve survival rates .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Lennox-Gastaut syndrome (LGS) is a rare, intractable epilepsy syndrome that begins in childhood and is associated with multiple seizure types, including generalized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that personalised risk communication improves informed decision making for screening tests.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Post-dural puncture headache (PDPH) is a common complication of spinal anesthesia and can be prevented by prophylactic administration of caffeine,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial and psychological interventions in reducing the risk of postpartum depression.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from 10 RCTs, 1886 patients) Colloid solutions are more effective than crystalloid fluids for fluid resuscitation in critically ill patients.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) PZQ is the drug of choice for the treatment of schistosomiasis. It is safe, effective, and well tolerated. It is effective against all stages
EFFECTIVE: Yes, influenza vaccination is effective for people with asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that sliding hip screws are more effective than fixed nail plates for treating hip fractures. The choice of implant should be based on the surgeon's experience and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of erythropoiesis-stimulating agents in the treatment of anemia in patients with rheumatoid arth
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Anti-D immunoglobulin is effective in preventing RhD alloimmunisation in RhD-negative women who have been exposed to RhD-positive fetal R
SUPPORTED. (moderate). The use of serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs) is supported for the treatment of fibromyalgia. The use of SN
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Tranexamic acid reduces the need for blood transfusions in patients undergoing emergency or urgent surgery. Tranexamic acid is a safe and effective antifibrinolytic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of behavioral interventions to improve contraceptive use among women living with HIV. However, there is evidence that behavioral interventions can improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is limited evidence on the impact of slum upgrading on health and quality of life. The available evidence is limited to a few studies that have been conducted in specific settings and cannot be
SUPPORTED. (surgical treatment is effective for treating distal humeral fractures in adults). Surgical treatment is effective for treating distal humeral fractures in adults. The surgical treatment of distal hum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effect of selenium supplementation on cardiovascular disease is still controversial. Some studies have shown that selenium supplementation can reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, while
SUPPORTED. The Xpert® MTB/RIF assay is effective for detecting tuberculosis and rifampicin resistance. The Xpert® MTB/RIF assay is a rapid molecular test
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intravitreal anti-VEGF agents are effective in improving vision in patients with macular oedema due to BRVO. In the RIVAL study, 12 months
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kwok et al. 2019 1 found that there is a lack of high-quality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hysteroscopic removal of uterine abnormalities in women with unexplained subfertility. The current research
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The 2009 IOM report on weight gain during pregnancy recommends that obese women gain less weight than normal weight women
SUPPORTED. (Yes, using the telephone to deliver HIV test results increases the number of people who know their HIV status.) There is evidence that using the telephone to deliver HIV test results increases the number of people who know their HIV
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of Cerebrolysin in the treatment of vascular dementia. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that lowering uric acid levels helps reduce blood pressure in patients with hypertension. The relationship between uric acid and hypertension is complex
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Red flags are symptoms and signs that suggest the presence of a serious medical condition. They are used to identify patients who require further evaluation or treatment. In the context of low back pain, red flags
SUPPORTED. Surgical treatment is more effective than conservative treatment for displaced intra-articular calcaneal fractures in adults. The surgical treatment of displaced intra-articular calcaneal fractures
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of exercise in the management of vertebral fractures. However, there is some evidence that exercise may help prevent further fractures in patients with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hCG in the prevention of miscarriage in women with unexplained recurrent miscarriage. The current evidence is limited to a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of paracetamol for the relief of acute postpartum perineal pain. However, there is some evidence that suggests that par
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. BCG-induced disease is a rare complication of BCG vaccination. The treatment of BCG-indiated disease is challenging and there is no standardized treatment. The treatment options
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of high-volume haemofiltration in critically ill patients with sepsis in the ICU. A systematic review published in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The position of the woman during the second stage of labor does not affect maternal and fetal outcomes when using epidural analgesia. However, the evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness and safety of acupuncture for treating neonates with hypoxic ischemic encephalopathy. Therefore, it is not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature does not provide sufficient information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antiseptic solutions to clean the vagina before cesarean delivery in reducing the risk of maternal infections.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Pharmacologic therapies are effective for maintaining treatment of opium dependence.
SUPPORTED. (effective). The current evidence suggests that the treatments for nail psoriasis are effective in improving the symptoms.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intrapartum antibiotic prophylaxis (IAP) is effective in reducing the risk of early-onset group B streptococcal (GBS) disease
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Vigabatrin is an effective antiepileptic drug for the treatment of drug-resistant partial epilepsy . It is a potent and specific irreversible inhibitor
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of transvaginal ultrasound measurement of cervical length in preventing preterm birth. The Cochrane review of 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adjunctive therapies in patients with HIV-associated nephropathy. The current evidence is limited to small observational studies and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no RCTs that evaluated the effect of thyroid hormone
SUPPORTED. Homocysteine-lowering interventions, including folic acid, vitamin B6, and vitamin B12 supplements, reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with hyperhom
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of low molecular weight heparin and 5-Fluorouracil to prevent proliferative vitreoretinopathy after retinal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that educational games improve health professionals' performance and patient outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of plastic adhesive drapes to reduce the risk of surgical site infections during surgery. The use of plastic adhesive drapes is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the optimal treatment for early-stage adenocarcinoma of the uterine cervix. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether primary surgery or
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Amniotomy is effective in shortening the length of labour and increasing the rate of vaginal delivery. However, it is associated with increased risk of maternal infection.
ENOUGH INFORMATION: Yes, empirical antibiotic treatment is effective and safe for acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence that zinc supplementation reduces the duration of diarrho
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . The combination chemotherapy with MTX and actinomycin D is effective and safe for treating high-risk gestational trophoblastic neoplasia . The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, it is important to note that both LASIK and PRK are considered safe and effective procedures for correcting myop
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of LNG-IUD for the treatment of pain in women with endometriosis. The current literature is limited to a few small studies that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether a specific method of sedation is more effective for pain relief during oocyte retrieval. The current literature is limited to small studies with different designs and
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Statins reduce the risk of major health events in people without a history of cardiovascular disease. The use of statins in people without a history of cardiovascular disease is associated with
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Screening for prostate cancer reduces the risk of dying from prostate cancer. Screening for prostate cancer with digital rectal examination and prostate-specific antigen (PSA) testing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fetal vibroacoustic stimulation is a non-invasive method that can be used to stimulate the fetus during labor. It is believed to be effective in promoting
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Therapeutic hypothermia is the standard of care for newborns with hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy. It has been shown to reduce mortality and improve outcomes in these
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of single depot GnRHa over daily GnRHa in terms of effectiveness and safety in women undergoing IVF. The current
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Pressure-relieving interventions are effective in healing foot ulcers in people with diabetes. The use of pressure-relieving interventions, such as customized foot orthoses,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that phenobarbitone is less effective than phenytoin for treating seizures. The current evidence suggests that both phenobarbitone
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that Ginkgo biloba extract did not significantly reduce the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The common cold is a viral infection of the upper respiratory tract. Vitamin C is an antioxidant that may help reduce the severity of the common cold.
SUPPORTED. (moderate evidence). Spinal manipulative therapy is more effective than other standard treatments for low-back pain. The evidence suggests that spinal manipulative therapy is more effective than other standard treatments for low-
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccines (PPVs) are effective in preventing pneumococcal disease and death in adults. A systematic review and meta-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether NSAIDs are effective in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding in women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotic treatment of bacterial vaginosis in pregnancy to reduce the risk of preterm birth. The Cochrane systematic review by Ar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics for children with acute otitis media. The decision to use antibiotics should be based on the child's symptoms and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2016 found that acupuncture may
REFUTED. There is no evidence that antifibrinolytic drugs reduce mortality in trauma patients. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,100
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The Cochrane review by Kjaergard and Als-Nielsen (2002)  analyzed 126 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and found that industry-s
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of IV beta(2)-agonists over IV aminophylline for treating acute asthma. The current evidence is based on a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 studies and found that the evidence was insufficient to determine the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that percutaneous transluminal angioplasty is effective for treating chronic cerebrospinal venous insufficiency in multiple sclerosis patients. The effectiveness
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Teriflunomide is effective and safe for treating relapsing multiple sclerosis. Teriflunomide is a disease-modifying therapy for relapsing-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is evidence that behavioral support increases smoking cessation success rates for those using medications. However, there is no evidence that increasing the intensity
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of guidewire-assisted cannulation technique to prevent post-endoscopic retrograde cholangiopancreatography pancreat
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Daily use of inhaled corticosteroids is more effective than intermittent use for managing persistent asthma. The use of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that colesevelam did not improve glycaemic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Amitriptyline is effective for treating major depressive disorder compared to placebo .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Phonics training has been shown to be effective in improving reading skills in individuals with reading difficulties. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 studies found that phonics training was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is no clear evidence that one chemotherapy regimen is more effective and less toxic than another for treating resistant or relapsed gestational trophoblastic neoplasia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether a higher initial dose of warfarin leads to better patient outcomes. The optimal initial dose of warfarin is still a matter of debate. Some
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of green tea for weight loss in overweight or obese adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kishimoto et al. (2019)  examined the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of sweet-tasting solutions for reducing needle-related pain in infants. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that psychological and pharmacological interventions can improve depression in patients with diabetes.
SUPPORTED. Pre-operative chemoradiation is more effective than radiotherapy alone for treating advanced rectal cancer .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled antibiotics to improve quality of life for people with cystic fibrosis during pulmonary exacerbations.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that co-bedding preterm twins may increase the risk of BPD, NEC, and R
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Amitriptyline is effective for treating chronic neuropathic pain and fibromyalgia. Amitriptyline is effective for treating chronic neuropathic pain and fibrom
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that enhanced recovery programmes
SUPPORTED. Atorvastatin lowers blood lipids in a dose-dependent manner. Atorvastatin is a potent inhibitor of HMG-CoA reductase, which is the rate-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Sapropterin dihydrochloride is a safe and effective adjunctive treatment for hyperphenylalaninemia in patients with phenylketonuria
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that zinc supplementation improves psychomotor development or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antenatal CTG for improving outcomes for mothers and babies during and after pregnancy. The use of CTG during pregnancy is not supported by the current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  compared the efficacy of albendazole and met
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that any treatment is beneficial for paraneoplastic neuropathies. However, immunosuppressive therapy may be beneficial in some cases.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychological interventions in reducing the risk of reoffending in sexual offenders. The current evidence is limited by the small number of studies, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Mobile phone messaging applications can help patients manage long-term illnesses better.
SUPPORTED. Mobile phone messaging can improve health behaviors for preventive health care. Mobile phone messaging can be used to improve medication adherence, appointment attendance, and self-management of chronic diseases.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Anti-VEGF therapy improves vision in people with diabetic macular oedema. Diabetic macular oedema is a common cause of visual impairment in people with
SUPPORTED. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by surgery or radiotherapy with or without chemotherapy is the standard of care for women with locally advanced cervical cancer. For women with early-stage cervical cancer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of empirical antibiotic treatment for o
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that testing for thrombophilia after venous thromboembolism reduces the risk of recurrent VTE.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research comparing the benefits of decompressive surgery and steroid treatment alone for nerve damage in leprosy. Therefore, it is not possible to answer this question based on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of internal tocodynamometry over external tocodynamometry for labor induction or augmentation with intravenous oxytocin. Both
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no definitive best surgical treatment for male urethral stricture disease. The choice of surgical treatment depends on the length and location of the stricture, the presence of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of oral steroids for treating relapses in multiple sclerosis is supported by some studies, but the evidence
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Managed alcohol programming is effective in reducing alcohol dependence compared to other treatment approaches. Managed alcohol programs (MAPs) are a treatment approach for people with alcohol dependence that involves the supervised consumption
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that psychological interventions were effective in reducing PTSD symptoms in children and adolescents . Another systematic review of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Topical corticosteroids are effective in treating chronic rhinosinusitis with nasal polyps. The use of topical corticosteroids is recommended for the medical management of chronic rh
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct comparison between cyclophosphamide and ifosfamide in the treatment of sarcoma in children and young adults. However, there is evidence that ifosf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, there is a study that found that starting hormonal contraception immediately was associated with a higher continuation rate compared to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. There is evidence that multifactorial interventions are effective in reducing falls among older people in care facilities and hospitals.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) In patients with adrenal insufficiency, perioperative administration of glucocorticoids reduces the risk of adrenal crisis and improves postoperative outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Creatine is a natural compound that is found in the body and is also available as a dietary supplement. It is thought to be beneficial for neurons because it can help to maintain energy levels
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of treatments for ocular myasthenia on preventing progression to generalized disease. The current research is limited to small observational studies and case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of antiviral agents as adjuvant therapy for recurrent respiratory papillomatosis is not supported by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that breastfeeding or supplemental breast milk help reduce procedural pain in neonates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of manipulative therapies for reducing crying in infants with colic. A systematic review by Humphreys et al. (201
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Iron deficiency is common during pregnancy and is associated with adverse maternal and birth outcomes. Daily iron supplementation during pregnancy has been shown to reduce the risk of anemia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence that biomedical risk assessment improves smoking cessation rates compared to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tiagabine is not recommended for the treatment of acute mood episodes in bipolar disorder. Tiagabine is not approved by the FDA for the treatment of bipolar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that extracting primary maxillary canines helps prevent palatal eruption of permanent canines. However, there is also no evidence that extracting primary maxillary
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (effective treatments for actinic keratosis exist). Actinic keratosis is a precancerous condition that can be treated with several methods, including cryosurgery, photodynamic therapy,
LABEL: REFUTED. The results of the PROWESS trial (Recombinant Human Activated Protein C Worldwide Evaluation in Severe Sepsis) showed that the use of activated protein C in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The quality of life is better for rectal cancer patients who undergo sphincter-preserving surgery compared to those with a permanent colostomy . The sphincter-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Endobronchial brachytherapy is a local treatment modality for early-stage lung cancer. It is not effective in advanced NSCLC. There is no evidence of its
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dietary changes to improve outcomes for people with multiple sclerosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of commonly used treatments for meralgia paraesthetica in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The SPRINT trial showed that intensive blood pressure control (SBP < 120 mmHg) with a combination of ACE inhibitors or ARBs, beta-block
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence). Psychological therapies are effective in reducing pain for children and adolescents with chronic pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral betamimetic maintenance therapy to prevent preterm birth after threatened preterm labour. A Cochrane review published in 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the use of inhaled magnesium sulfate in acute asthma exacerbations. The use of inhaled magnesium
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Methotrexate is effective for inducing remission in patients with active Crohn's disease. The efficacy of methotrexate in inducing remission
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Erythropoiesis stimulating agents (ESAs) are a group of drugs that stimulate the production of red blood cells in the bone marrow. They are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that percutaneous transluminal rotational atherectomy improves outcomes for patients with complex coronary artery lesions. However, the use of percut
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Interventions for healthcare providers that promote patient-centred care improve clinical consultations. A systematic review of 10 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) found that patient-centred
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Anticholinergic drugs are effective for treating overactive bladder syndrome, but the evidence is insufficient to conclude
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether mycophenolate mofetil is a safer and effective treatment for lupus
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous aminophylline in the treatment of acute asthma in the emergency department. Aminophylline is a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  included 11 RCTs with 1,262
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) are effective in reducing hospital admissions for patients with acute asthma. A systematic review of 11 RCTs with
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) is effective for treating myasthenia gravis (MG) exacerbations. IVIG is a blood product that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of other drugs in treating bedwetting in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that homeopathic Oscillococcinum(®) is effective in preventing or treating influenza. The Cochrane review on this topic included 11
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous oral antibiotic prophylaxis in children with cystic fibrosis. The use of continuous oral antibiotic proph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of assisted hatching in assisted conception. The Cochrane review of 2015 included 11 RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2012 included 11 RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support the effectiveness of oral naftidrofuryl in improving walking distance for people with intermittent claudication.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of enteral tube feeding to improve nutritional status in people with cystic fibrosis. The current literature is limited to case reports and
SUPPORTED. Computer-generated reminders have been shown to improve healthcare professionals' practices and patient outcomes in various studies. For example, a systematic review by Haji et al. found that computer-generated reminders can improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) is the only proven effective treatment for patients with primary biliary cirrhosis (PBC) . UDCA has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment for proximal humeral fractures. The treatment of proximal humeral fractures is challenging due to the complex anatomy of the shoulder and the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend that the fetus in distress during labor should be delivered immediately by cesarean section. However, there is no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of barbiturates in patients with acute traumatic brain injury. The use of barbiturates in patients with acute traum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that journal endorsement of the CONSORT Statement improves the completeness of reporting in randomized controlled trials.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the hypothesis that increasing omega 3 LCPUFA in the diet prevents or slows the progression of age-related macular degeneration.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Flupenthixol is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to placebo. Flupenthixol is a second-generation antipsychotic (SGA)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Milk oral immunotherapy (OIT) is effective for treating cow milk allergy. In a systematic review and meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of biofilm testing to guide antibiotic treatment for Pseudomonas aeruginosa in cystic fibrosis patients is not supported by the current clinical research. There
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Haloperidol is effective for treating agitation or aggression in psychosis. Haloperidol is a dopamine D2 receptor antagonist that has been used to treat psych
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Hypnosis is effective and safe for pain management during labour and childbirth .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent study showed that ketamine did not improve the clinical outcomes of children with severe acute asthma . However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of antibiotics to prevent UTIs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in reducing problem alcohol use in illicit drug users. However, there is evidence that psychosocial interventions are effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that routine neonatal circumcision helps prevent urinary tract infections in male infants. The current research does not provide enough information to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical trial that has evaluated the efficacy of carvedilol in patients with Chagas cardiomyopathy. However, there is evidence that beta-blockers
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological therapies are effective in treating pathological and problem gambling.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (effective) Febuxostat is a selective inhibitor of xanthine oxidoreductase (XOR) that has been approved for the treatment of hyperuricemia and gout.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Interventions aimed at increasing fruit and vegetable consumption in young children show effectiveness. The effect of interventions on fruit and vegetable consumption in young children is moderate.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Rotavirus vaccines have been shown to be effective in preventing rotavirus diarrhoea in children. The first rotavirus vaccine was licensed in 1998 and was a formalin-inactivated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  showed that the incidence of anastomotic leakage after esophagect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing the clinical outcomes of double-bundle and single-bundle ACL
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulised rhDNase in infants with viral bronchiolitis. A Cochrane systematic review published in 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The efficacy of antidepressant medications and psychological therapies for treating depression in children and adolescents is supported by clinical research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The ENaC blockers, such as amiloride, have been used for decades to treat hypertension, but the results
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Rituximab, a monoclonal anti-CD20 antibody, has been shown to improve outcomes in patients with chronic lymphocytic leukaem
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: Methadone is effective and safe for treating chronic non-cancer pain . Methadone is a mu-opioid receptor agonist that is effective in treating chronic non
ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of email to provide information on disease prevention and health promotion compared to standard mail or usual care. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that using email for communication between patients and healthcare professionals improves patient outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is currently no gene therapy approved for the treatment of sickle cell disease. However, there are ongoing clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of gene therapy in patients with sickle
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Group antenatal care is as effective as one-to-one care for women and their babies. Group antenatal care is associated with improved knowledge acquisition, self-confidence, and social support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Psychological therapies are effective for managing chronic pain in adults. Psychological therapies are effective in reducing pain intensity and improving physical function in adults with chronic pain. Cognitive behavioral therapy
SUPPORTED. Surgery is more effective than observation for managing abdominal trauma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of endotherapies for the treatment of Barrett's oesophagus with early neoplasias. The current guidelines recommend surgery as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that doxycycline did not improve pain or function in
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,098 participants showed that psychosocial interventions significantly improved quality of life in cancer patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antidepressants for the prevention of depression relapse in older people. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: B) There is evidence that locomotor training improves walking function for people with traumatic spinal cord injury. A systematic review of 10 studies with 236
SUPPORTED. Mobile phone-based interventions are effective in helping people quit smoking .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that stent-graft repair is a better management option for uncomplicated type B aortic dissection. The management of uncomplicated type B aort
REFUTED. Benzodiazepines are not recommended for the treatment of schizophrenia and schizophrenia-like psychoses . Benzodiazepines are not effective in treating schizoph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of sound-creating devices in managing tinnitus in adults. The effectiveness of sound-creating devices in managing tinnitus in adults
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there are some studies that have compared the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of sedation and general anaesthesia for
SUPPORTED. Exercise helps reduce cancer-related fatigue during and after treatment .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ADP receptor antagonists in the prevention of cardiovascular disease in people with type 2 diabetes. The use of ADP re
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  compared the use of push gavage feeding with gravity feeding in pre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of multiple-micronutrient supplements during pregnancy to benefit both mother and infant. However, there is some evidence to support the use of multiple
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 11 observational studies (coh
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Rectal 5-ASA is effective and safe for maintaining remission of distal ulcerative colitis. The maintenance of remission of distal ulcerative colitis is a key
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that increasing blood flow during surgery helps reduce mortality in adults. The question is too broad and there are many factors that can affect blood flow during surgery
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of myomectomy to improve fertility outcomes in women with fibroids. However, myomectomy may be considered in women with fib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of herbal medicines in patients with viral myocarditis. However, there is a lack of clinical trials on the use of herbal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different skin closure techniques after caesarean section affect maternal outcomes. The current literature is limited to observational studies and does not provide sufficient evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that ketamine is effective in treating neuropathic pain and chronic pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Alzheimer's Disease Prevention Trial (ADAPT) was a randomized, placebo-cont
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of macrolide antibiotics in the treatment of cystic fibrosis. The use of macrolides in cystic fibros
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that providing primary care in hospital emergency departments improves care for non-urgent patients. The current research is not sufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical trial of rhIGF-I treatment in ALS was terminated due to the lack of efficacy.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Beta-blockers reduce morbidity in adults with hypertension. Beta-blockers are effective in reducing the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with hypertension.
SUPPORTED. Providing information to stroke patients and their caregivers improves outcomes.
SUPPORTED. Inhaled corticosteroids are effective in reducing lung inflammation in cystic fibrosis patients. Inhaled corticosteroids have been shown to reduce inflammation in the airways
RELIABLE: (supported). Depot bromperidol is more effective than placebo for treating schizophrenia. The efficacy of depot bromperidol in treating schizophrenia
SUPPORTED. Early surfactant therapy improves outcomes for newborns with respiratory distress .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical agents or dressings to relieve pain in venous leg ulcers. However, there is some evidence that topical agents may improve
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not effective for treating non-typhoidal Salmonella diarrhoea in healthy individuals. Antibiotics are not recommended for the treatment of non-typhoidal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that continuous suturing techniques for perineal repair result in less pain compared to interrupted methods. The current evidence is insufficient to support the hypothesis
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Deworming drugs have been shown to improve children's health and school performance. A systematic review of 11 studies found that deworming was associated with improvements in weight
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Compression therapy is effective in the treatment of venous ulcers . Compression therapy is the most effective treatment for venous ulcers . Compression therapy is the standard of care for venous
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant vitamin and mineral supplementation to delay the progression of age-related macular degeneration. The Age-
SUPPORTED. Nicotine replacement therapy is effective for smoking cessation .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical preparations to prevent stretch marks during pregnancy.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that new experimental treatments are more effective than established treatments. The effectiveness of a treatment depends on various factors, such as the type of disease, the patient population, and the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of different antibiotic regimens for treating Burkholderia cepacia complex infections in cystic fibrosis patients. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that enhancing male involvement improves women's access to HIV prevention services during pregnancy. However, there is evidence that male involvement in HIV prevention services
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Early intensive behavioral intervention is effective in improving skills in young children with autism spectrum disorders.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The clinical symptoms and signs of M. pneumoniae infection are non-specific and can be confused with other respiratory tract infections. Diagnosis of M. pneumonia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of eosinophilic meningitis. Therefore, it is not possible to answer this question. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that general health checks reduce morbidity and mortality. The United States Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) recommends against routine general health checks for
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Vaccination is effective in preventing herpes zoster in older adults. The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP) recommends the use of the herpes z
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Venom immunotherapy is effective in preventing allergic reactions to insect stings .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) of curcumin for the maintenance of remission in ulcerative colitis is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that progesterone did not improve the functional outcome of patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2014  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Nebulised surfactant is effective in reducing the need for mechanical ventilation and the incidence of bronchopulmonary dysplasia in preterm infants with respir
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Combining behavioral support with medication helps people quit smoking more effectively than minimal intervention or usual care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of sore throat in adults and children. However, there is some evidence that corticosteroids may be effective
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Breathing exercises have been shown to improve dyspnoea, exercise capacity, and quality of life in people with COPD. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 12 random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the use of prophylactic antibiotics to reduce the risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant therapy to improve cardiovascular outcomes in people with chronic kidney disease. The use of antioxidant therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of prophylactic colony-stimulating factors (CSFs) in breast cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy is not supported by the current clinical research. However, the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A randomized phase III trial (Trial Assigning Individualized Options for Treatment [TAILORx]) is ongoing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that interagency collaboration between local health and government agencies improves health outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The use of COX inhibitors to prevent preterm labour is not supported by the current evidence. The use of COX inhibitors to prevent preterm labour is not supported by the current
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Pelvic floor muscle training (PFMT) is effective in preventing urinary incontinence after childbirth. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preventive strategies for mastitis to increase breastfeeding duration. However, there is evidence that early detection and treatment of mastitis can improve breast
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the use of information and communication technology to improve psychoeducation for people with schizophrenia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical trial comparing the efficacy of doxycycline combined with streptomycin and doxycycline combined with rifampicin for treating human brucellosis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that regional anaesthesia helps prevent chronic pain after surgery. The current research has shown that regional anaesthesia can reduce the inc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of autologous platelet-rich plasma in the treatment of chronic wounds. The use of autologous platelet-rich plasma in the treatment of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of maternity waiting facilities in improving maternal and perinatal health outcomes. The current evidence is mixed and does not provide conclusive evidence for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Duloxetine is effective in treating major depression, but there is insufficient evidence to support its superiority over other antidepressants.
SUPPORTED. Collaborative care is effective in improving outcomes for patients with depression or anxiety .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Cisplatin-based chemotherapy is a viable treatment option for recurrent or metastatic cervical cancer. Cisplatin-based chemotherapy is the standard of care for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether cemented or cementless fixation of knee prostheses is associated with better outcomes for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of workplace interventions to support breastfeeding for women returning to work after childbirth.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is currently no CFTR gene replacement therapy approved for clinical use. The CFTR gene replacement therapy is still in the early stages of development. The clinical trials are ongoing to evaluate the safety and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tracheomalacia is a rare condition in children. The optimal treatment of intrinsic tracheomalacia in children is not well established. The treatment of tracheomalacia in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. Symphysiotomy is a surgical procedure in which the symphysis pubis is cut and separated. It is an alternative to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether one type of indwelling urinary catheter is better than another for long-term use in adults. The optimal type of catheter for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the treatment of SARS patients with Chinese herbs combined with Western medicines is still in the preliminary
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of erythropoietin for reducing the need for blood transfusions in preterm infants. The Cochrane review by Oh
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials) Family-centred care improves satisfaction with care, reduces anxiety and depression in parents, and reduces length of stay in hospital for children and their families compared
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in hearing improvement between the hyperbar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that tandem autologous stem cell transplantation is more effective than single autologous stem cell transplantation for treating symptomatic multiple myeloma.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of printed educational materials to improve healthcare professionals' practices.
SUPPORTED. Regional anaesthesia is more effective than general anaesthesia for caesarean sections. The use of regional anaesthesia for caesarean sections is associated with a lower
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Multifetal reduction is not a viable option for managing multiple pregnancies. The procedure is not recommended due to the lack of evidence on its safety and effectiveness.
SUPPORTED. Continuous support during labor is associated with a lower risk of cesarean delivery, lower risk of fetal acidosis, lower risk of postpartum depression, and higher satisfaction with childbirth experience.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Fast-track cardiac care is safe and effective compared to conventional care for patients undergoing cardiac surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of oral treatments for fungal infections of the skin of the foot. However, there is evidence that oral antifungal treatments are effective for super
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The combined spinal-epidural technique is not better than traditional epidural analgesia during labor. However, there is insufficient evidence to support this statement. The combined spinal-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Methenamine hippurate is not recommended for the prevention of urinary tract infections in patients without renal tract abnormal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamins and minerals to prevent lung cancer in healthy people. However, there is some evidence that high doses of vitamin A supplement
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Long-term treatment of venous thromboembolism with low-molecular-weight heparin is as effective and safer than vitamin K antagonists.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of patient education in preventing foot ulcers in people with diabetes. However, there is evidence that patient education can improve knowledge and self-care behaviors in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of hormonal therapy for urinary incontinence in
SUPPORTED. Cranberry products can effectively prevent urinary tract infections in susceptible populations .
SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials)
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Oral 5-ASA is effective for inducing remission in active ulcerative colitis. 5-ASA is a commonly used drug for the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral calorie supplements to improve nutritional intake in people with cystic fibrosis. The current evidence is limited to case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that ursodeoxycholic acid improves liver function in cystic fibrosis patients. However, there is also no evidence that ursodeoxycholic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of exogenous sex hormones is not recommended for the treatment of lower limb atherosclerosis.
REFUTED. External cephalic version at term does not reduce the likelihood of breech births and caesarean sections. The external cephalic version is a procedure in which the fetus is turned
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of postural management for improving outcomes in babies in breech presentation. However, there is some evidence that postural management may be beneficial for reducing the
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Integrating HIV/AIDS services with maternal and child health services improves health outcomes. The integration of HIV/AIDS services with maternal and child health services has been shown to improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 2016  showed that there is no clear evidence of the effect of nicotine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of motivational interviewing in improving health outcomes for youth living with HIV.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that transarterial (chemo)embolisation provides a survival benefit for patients with liver metastases. However, it can be used as a palliative
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of organisational and professional interventions in reducing wrong-site surgery. However, there is evidence that preoperative marking of the surgical site
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of magnesium supplementation to prevent skeletal muscle cramps. Magnesium is a cofactor for many enzymatic reactions, and
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews is the gold standard for evidence-based medicine)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the use of amniotic membrane transplantation for the treatment
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Inhaled analgesia is effective for pain relief during labor. Inhaled nitrous oxide is a safe and effective method for pain relief during labor. It is associated with a shorter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Iron chelators are not used for treating acute stroke. Iron chelators are used for treating chronic conditions such as thalassemia major and sickle cell disease. Iron chelation
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Exogenous surfactant administration is effective in reducing mortality and ventilation duration in infants with severe bronchiolitis. The Cochrane review of 2016 included
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature comparing arthroplasty and fusion for treating cervical degenerative disc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
LABEL: REFUTED. There is no evidence that tiotropium is more effective than LABAs in improving quality of life for people with COPD. The Cochrane review of 2018
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cholinesterase inhibitors in people with mild cognitive impairment. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Bendamustine is an effective treatment for patients with indolent B cell lymphoid malignancies. Bendamustine is a chemotherapeutic agent that has been shown to be effective
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Allergen-specific oral immunotherapy (OIT) is effective and safe for treating peanut allergy. The efficacy of OIT is dependent on the dose of pe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of irrigants in non-surgical root canal treatment is influenced by various factors, such as the type of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: The evidence supports the use of spinal manipulative therapy for acute low-back pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  found that the evidence for the effectiveness of pneumococcal vaccination in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Chlorambucil is not recommended for the treatment of primary biliary cirrhosis. However, there is no evidence that chlorambucil is harmful for patients with primary biliary
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the treatment of mumps with Chinese medicinal herbs is still in the stage of preclinical research
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Atypical antipsychotics are effective in reducing disruptive behavior in children and youths. Atypical antipsychotics are effective in reducing disruptive behavior in children and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical research on the effectiveness and safety of acupuncture for treating children with mumps. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether acupuncture is effective and
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical research)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Endothelin receptor antagonists have been studied in animal models of subarachnoid hemorrhage, but there is insufficient evidence to support their use in humans. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing total disc replacement with other treatments for chronic low-back pain
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that adding primaquine to malaria treatment reduces transmission of the disease. The current research on this topic is limited and the available studies have produced mixed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that using email for clinical communication between healthcare professionals improves outcomes compared to other communication methods.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that vein cuffed prosthetic grafts improve outcomes for below knee bypass in critical limb ischaemia. The use of vein cuffed prosthetic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that decongestants, antihistamines, or nasal irrigation are effective treatments for children with acute sinusitis. Antibiotics are not recommended for children with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether interventions help prevent nausea and vomiting in women undergoing regional anaesthesia for caesarean section.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the type of heparin used affects the incidence of heparin-induced thrombocytopenia in postoperative
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Procalcitonin is a promising biomarker for guiding antibiotic treatment in patients with acute respiratory infections. However, the evidence is not sufficient to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that preoperative skin preparation reduces the risk of infection after a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of topical NSAIDs for chronic musculoskeletal pain over longer durations. The duration of the studies included in the systematic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The evidence from clinical trials is limited and inconsistent. Some studies suggest that black cohosh may be effective in treating menopaus
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cinnamon in the treatment of diabetes mellitus. Although some studies have shown that cinnamon may have a positive effect on blood
SUPPORTED. There is evidence that interventions aimed at older people living in the community help reduce falls. A Cochrane systematic review of 30 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that multifactorial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different techniques of intrauterine fetal blood transfusion have varying benefits and harms for women with red-cell alloimmunisation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. The combination of inhaled steroids and long-acting beta-agonists is more effective than long-acting beta-agonists alone for managing COPD .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of amniotomy and oxytocin for reducing the caesarean birth rate. The use of amniotomy and o
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Interventions for late trabeculectomy bleb leak are effective. The current evidence suggests that interventions for late trabeculectomy bleb leak are effective in reducing the rate of
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic surgery is as effective as laparotomy for women with early stage endometrial cancer. The current evidence suggests that laparoscopic surgery is as effective as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that mother-infant separation negatively impacts breastfeeding duration. The current research shows that the duration of breastfeeding is not affected by the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Robotic assistance in laparoscopic cholecystectomy has been shown to be superior to human assistance in terms of surgical outcomes, including reduced blood loss, shorter operation time, and lower conversion
SUPPORTED. Antenatal breastfeeding education increases the initiation and duration of breastfeeding.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that a low bacterial diet can help prevent infections in cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of SRS plus WBRT over WBRT alone for the treatment of brain metastases. The evidence is limited by the small number of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Acupuncture is effective for treating insomnia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the benefits of preoperative biliary drainage in patients with obstructive jaundice. The current evidence is insufficient to support the benefits of preoper
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The systematic review by Aljohani et al. 2019 showed that there is no high-quality evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that restricting oral water intake improves lung health in children who aspirate thin fluids.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of terlipressin in the treatment of hepatorenal syndrome. However, a recent study showed that terlipressin was associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of high-flux haemodialysis over low-flux haemodialysis. The choice of haemodialysis
SUPPORTED. Home safety interventions have been shown to reduce child injury rates. A Cochrane review of 11 studies found that home safety interventions reduced the rate of unintentional child injury by 23%
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preoperative bathing with antiseptics to reduce the risk of surgical site infections. The current guidelines do not recommend the use
REFUTED. The use of antibiotics in the treatment of Mycoplasma pneumoniae pneumonia is not effective. The use of macrolides can prolong the course of the disease and increase the risk of
SUPPORTED. Massage is effective in reducing neck pain in adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of late administration of erythropoietin in preterm infants to reduce the need for red blood cell transfusions. The Co
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of erythropoietin for reducing the need for blood transfusions in preterm infants. The Cochrane review by Oh
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin K for patients with liver disease and upper gastrointestinal bleeding. However, there is evidence that vitamin K is effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 RCTs with 1,19
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . Incentive spirometry is a technique used to improve pulmonary function by increasing the volume of air inspired during respiration. It is often used in patients who have undergone lung
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of atypical antibiotics in the treatment of community-acquired pneumonia. Atypical coverage is not recommended in the current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Microwave thermotherapy is a minimally invasive procedure that uses microwaves to heat the prostate tissue. The heat causes the prostate cells to die, which reduces the size of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Therapeutic hypothermia is associated with improved survival and neurologic outcomes after cardiac arrest. The landmark trial by Nielsen et al.  showed that therapeutic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of antidepressants in treating tinnitus. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the best skin closure technique after
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of prophylactic penicillin to prevent pneumococcal infections in children with sickle cell disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of multifocal intraocular lenses to improve near vision compared to standard monofocal lenses. The use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of air ionisers in the treatment of asthma. A systematic review published in 2015 included 11 randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Disease management interventions for chronic heart failure patients reduce hospital readmissions .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antipyretics in the treatment of malaria. However, the use of antipyretics is common in the treatment of mal
SUPPORTED. Levetiracetam is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant focal epilepsy . The efficacy of levetiracetam as an add-on treatment for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Progestogens are effective in regulating irregular menstrual bleeding associated with ovulation. However, there is insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  included 11 RCTs with 1,17
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Vitamin K antagonists are more effective than antiplatelet therapy for preventing vascular events after a TIA or minor stroke. The efficacy of vitamin K antagonists
SUPPORTED. (Yes, VCT helps reduce HIV-related risk behaviors in developing countries).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotic eye drops for acute bacterial conjunctivitis. The use of antibiotic eye drops for acute bacterial conj
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the use of the Alexander technique to improve symptoms in people with chronic asthma.
RATIONALE: The safety of endovascular treatment for carotid artery stenosis has been well established in several randomized controlled trials. The SAPPHIRE trial compared carotid endarterectomy and st
EFFECTIVE: (effective). Azathioprine is effective for maintaining remission in ulcerative colitis. Azathioprine is a purine analog that inhibits DNA synthesis and cell division. It is
SUPPORTED. Early supported discharge (ESD) is a service that provides early supported care to patients who have been discharged from the hospital after a stroke. The service is designed to help patients with stroke transition from hospital
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of piracetam in acute ischaemic stroke found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of silver acetate in helping people quit smoking.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic amnioinfusion in labor with oligohydramnios. The current evidence is limited to case reports and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research does not support the hypothesis that an antigen avoidance diet during pregnancy or lactation helps prevent atopic diseases in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that increasing energy and protein intake during pregnancy improves maternal and infant health outcomes.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effect of hormonal contraceptives on the risk of fractures in women. The current research has shown that the use of hormonal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that a high intake of dietary flavonoids can help prevent colorectal cancer. The current research has not provided enough information to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, it is known that pain management techniques such as local infiltration anesthesia, general anesthesia,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antispasmodics to shorten the duration of labour in term pregnancies. Antispasmodics are not recommended for routine use in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of image-guided glucocorticoid injections for shoulder pain compared to traditional methods. However, there is evidence that supports the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the hypothesis that music education improves reading skills in children and adolescents with dyslexia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of pregabalin for chronic prostatitis/chronic pelv
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adrenaline in the community setting for the treatment of anaphylaxis. However, it is recommended to use adrenaline as
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Multiple studies have shown that flavanol-rich chocolate or cocoa products can lower blood pressure. A meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that one technique is safer than the other. The choice of technique is based on the gestational age and the purpose of the procedure. Amniocentesis is performed after
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Ergonomic interventions can reduce the risk of work-related musculoskeletal disorders (WMSDs) . The effectiveness of ergonomic interventions in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that conservative treatment is inferior to surgical treatment for ankle fractures. The choice of treatment should be based on the type of fracture and the patient's condition
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise improves quality of life for adults with cancer during treatment. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1012 participants showed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids for the common cold. The Cochrane review on this topic found that there is no evidence that corticosteroids are
EFFECTIVE: Yes, embolisation is effective for treating pulmonary arteriovenous malformations .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of email to improve the coordination of healthcare appointments and attendance reminders. However, there is evidence that email can be used to improve appointment attendance
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of email for communicating diagnostic results to patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that treating genital ulcer disease reduces the risk of acquiring HIV. However, there is evidence that treating genital ulcer disease reduces the risk
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Momordica charantia has been used as a traditional medicine for the treatment of diabetes in India and Africa. The hypoglycemic effect of momordica charantia is due to
EFFECTIVE: (supported). Scoliosis-specific exercises are effective in treating adolescent idiopathic scoliosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that histamine type 2 receptor antagonists improve overall survival in colorectal cancer patients after surgery. In a randomized controlled trial, the use of hist
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is based on a single randomized controlled trial (RCT) that compared mifepristone with placebo for
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Interactive computer-based interventions are effective for weight loss in overweight or obese individuals. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interactive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that garlic supplements can help lower the risk of heart problems and death in people with high blood pressure.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Exercise improves health-related quality of life for cancer survivors .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of relaxation therapies to prevent preterm labor or birth. However, there is some evidence that suggests that relaxation techniques may be helpful in reducing anxiety and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that nicotine vaccines are effective in smoking cessation. The only nicotine vaccine, cytisine, was approved by the FDA in 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Antibiotics are effective for treating lower urinary tract infections in children. The use of antibiotics for the treatment of lower urinary tract infections in children is supported by the clinical research. Ant
SUPPORTED. . Vitamin A supplementation in people with cystic fibrosis reduces vitamin A deficiency disorders. Vitamin A deficiency is common in people with cystic fibrosis due to malabs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antihypertensive drugs in adults with mild hypertension. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether antihypertensive drugs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The efficacy of psychotherapy for BPD has been demonstrated in several randomized controlled trials (RCTs) [1, 2]. In a meta-analysis of 12
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at increasing clinical incident reporting in improving safety in healthcare settings.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of a partogram is recommended by the WHO to monitor the progress of labor. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of a partogram in improving maternal and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that training traditional birth attendants improves pregnancy outcomes. The current evidence is mixed and does not support the idea that training traditional birth attendants improves
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines do not recommend chemotherapy before surgery for advanced epithelial ovarian cancer. However, some studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether 'specialised' antenatal clinics improve health outcomes for women with multiple pregnancies compared to 'standard' antenatal care.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Influenza vaccines are effective in preventing influenza in healthy children over two years old.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether shorter courses of antibiotics are effective for treating children with GABHS pharyngitis. The optimal duration of antibiotic therapy for GAB
SUPPORTED. Alpha blockers effectively lower blood pressure in patients with primary hypertension .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of banding ligation over non-selective beta-blockers for preventing bleeding in patients with oesophageal varices. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of phlebotonics in the treatment of haemorrhoidal disease.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Exercise therapy is effective for the treatment of neck pain. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,000 patients with neck
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of loop diuretics in lowering blood pressure in patients with primary hypertension. However, loop diuretics are used in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on the efficacy of needling encapsulated blebs in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of immunosuppressants and immunomodulatory treatments in dermatomyositis and polymyositis. The
SUPPORTED. Exclusive breastfeeding for six months is associated with a lower risk of infant mortality, morbidity, and hospitalization compared to shorter durations .
SUPPORTED. Delaying umbilical cord clamping improves outcomes for preterm infants .
SUPPORTED. Physiotherapy is effective in improving outcomes for patients with Parkinson's disease compared to no intervention.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Speech and language therapy is effective for improving speech problems in Parkinson's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of compression hosiery in the prevention of venous ulcer recurrence. However, compression hosiery is recommended for the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ivermectin in the prevention of visual impairment in onchocerciasis. The current evidence is limited to observational
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Minocycline is an effective treatment for acne vulgaris. Minocycline is a tetracycline antibiotic that has been used to treat acne vulgar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antithrombotic drugs help prevent restenosis or reocclusion after peripheral endovascular treatment. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The use of corticosteroids in the treatment of CIDP is supported by moderate evidence. The use of corticosteroids in the treatment of CIDP is supported by moderate
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Beta-blockers reduce morbidity in adults with hypertension. Beta-blockers are effective in reducing the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with hypertension.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of educational interventions for postpartum mothers on contraceptive use. However, there is evidence that educational interventions can improve the knowledge of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of over-the-counter cough medicines for treating acute cough in children and adults.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) and plasma exchange (PE) are the two main immunomodulatory treatments for Guillain-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The copper IUD is not an emergency contraception method. It is a highly effective method of long-acting reversible contraception.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that mucolytic agents improve lung function or quality of life in individuals with chronic bronchitis or COPD. The Cochrane review of mucolytic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral zinc in the treatment of venous leg ulcers. However, there is some evidence to support the use of topical zinc sul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Prostaglandins are not used for the prevention of uterine atony in the third stage of labour. The use of prostaglandins in the third stage of labour is for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether hormone therapy with both estrogen and progestogen effectively protects against endometrial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of biochemical tests of placental function in improving outcomes in high-risk pregnancies. The use of biochemical tests of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research does not provide sufficient information to answer this question.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the routine use of intermittent iron supplementation during
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of electric fans to reduce heat-related health risks during heatwaves. Fans may provide temporary relief from heat but do not lower the core body
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 RCTs including 3,285 women undergoing IVF/IC
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the use of platelet-rich therapies for long bone healing in adults was conducted, and no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no evidence of the effectiveness of HBOT for treating v
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The relationship between obesity and asthma is complex and multifactorial. The prevalence of asthma is higher in obese individuals, and obesity is associated
SUPPORTED. Tiotropium improves quality of life and reduces exacerbations in COPD patients compared to placebo. (The UPLIFT trial showed that tiotropium reduced the rate of exacerb
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that non-opioid drugs are effective in relieving pain during labour. Non-opioid drugs such as paracetamol, ibuprofen, and
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Osmotic laxatives are effective and safe for treating constipation in children. Stimulant laxatives are effective but not safe for treating constipation in children.
SUPPORTED. Hepatitis A vaccines are effective in preventing infection in people who have never been exposed to the virus. The hepatitis A vaccine is highly effective in preventing hepatitis A infection in susceptible individuals
SUPPORTED. Physical exercise during pregnancy helps prevent gestational diabetes mellitus.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the immediate delivery of preterm babies with suspected fetal compromise compared to deferred delivery. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research on this topic is contradictory. Some studies have shown that culturing embryos at low oxygen concentrations impro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of VEGF-targeting therapies in hormone-refractory metastatic breast cancer is not recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Social skills groups improve social competence in individuals with autism spectrum disorders. (The Cochrane Library, 2019)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of preoperative alcohol cessation interventions in reducing postoperative complications in hazardous drinkers. A systematic review by Kush
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Symphysis fundal height measurement is not a reliable method for detecting abnormal fetal growth. However, it is a simple and inexpensive method that can be used to monitor fet
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kessler et al. 2016  showed that there is no difference in pain scores between the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that PUFA supplementation had no significant effect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Continuity of care is a multidimensional concept that is difficult to measure. There is no consensus on the definition of continuity of care, and there is no standardized method for measuring
SUPPORTED. Mobile phone messaging reminders improve attendance at healthcare appointments .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Al-Hakim et al. (2013)  included 11 studies and found no
SUPPORTED. Oral antiretroviral pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) is effective in preventing HIV infection in high-risk individuals . The CDC recommends that all people at risk
REFUTED. Alprazolam is a benzodiazepine that has been approved by the FDA for the treatment of anxiety and short-term management of insomnia. It has not been approved for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current study showed that the efficacy of radiotherapy in the treatment of TED is still controversial. Some studies have shown that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct evidence comparing the efficacy of dactinomycin and methotrexate for treating low-risk gestational trophoblastic neoplasia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial data on the efficacy of hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in Gaucher disease. However, there are case reports of successful hemat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment for ulnar neuropathy at the elbow. The treatment of ulnar neuropathy at the elbow is challenging and depends on the severity
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of allopurinol for newborns with hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy. The use of allopur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effect of vasodilator drugs on primary Raynaud's phenomenon in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Citalopram is effective for treating major depression. Citalopram is also more acceptable than other antidepressants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Surfactant treatment is not effective in reducing mortality and morbidities in neonates with pulmonary haemorrhage.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of postoperative epidural analgesia over systemic opioid-based pain relief. The choice of postoperative analgesia should
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pneumococcal vaccination during pregnancy is not recommended in most countries, including the United States, because the vaccine does not cross the placenta and the protection it provides to the infant is
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends that all HIV-infected children under 2 years old should start antiretroviral therapy immediately . This recommendation is based on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intraventricular antibiotics are not recommended for neonatal meningitis. However, there is insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of combined oral contraceptives for treating facial acne. However, there
SUPPORTED. Exercise has been shown to improve symptoms of depression in several studies. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 16 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that exercise significantly reduced depressive symptoms compared
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-term hormone therapy to improve health outcomes in postmenopausal women. The Women's Health Initiative (WHI)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of the prone position to improve oxygenation in infants and children with acute respiratory distress. The prone position is not recommended for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of drugs that rehydrate sickled red blood cells in reducing sickle-related crises. The current research on this topic is limited and
SUPPORTED. Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) are effective in reducing exacerbations and improving lung function in patients with COPD. ICS are recommended for patients with frequent exacerbations and for patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review by Prokhorov et al. 2015  found that there is insufficient evidence to determine whether enhancing
SUPPORTED. Physiotherapy is effective in improving outcomes for patients with Parkinson's disease compared to no intervention.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  found that there was insufficient evidence to determine whether the use of intravenous
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent Cochrane review (2019)  showed that there was no clear evidence of a difference in live birth rates
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of biofeedback and anal sphincter exercises for the treatment of faecal incontinence in adults. A systematic review of randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Naftidrofuryl is a drug that has been used in the treatment of critical limb ischaemia. However, there is currently insufficient evidence to support its use in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioids for the relief of breathlessness in patients receiving palliative care. The current evidence is limited to a single randomized controlled trial
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intravenous immunoglobulin is effective for treating Guillain-Barré syndrome. Intravenous immunoglobulin is a blood product that contains
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of the efficacy and safety of plasma exchange for Guillain-Barré syndrome (GBS
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effect of zinc supplementation during pregnancy on maternal and infant health outcomes is still unclear. Some studies have shown that
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Exercise and mobilisation are effective treatments for carpal tunnel syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Losigamone is effective in reducing seizure frequency when used as an add-on therapy for partial epilepsy . Losigamone is a potent and selective inhibitor of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of marijuana in treating epilepsy. The current evidence is limited to preclinical studies and case reports. There is a lack of high-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether sodium bicarbonate is beneficial for treating acute kidney injury.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that pulmonary artery catheters can help prevent renal failure and pulmonary oedema in severe pre-eclampsia. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Somatostatin analogues are not routinely used in pancreatic surgery. However, they may be used in selected cases, such as in patients with a high risk of postoper
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Paliperidone palmitate is a long-acting injectable antipsychotic medication used to treat schizophrenia. It is not clear whether paliperidone pal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of colony-stimulating factors in acute myelogenous leukemia is not supported by the current clinical
SUPPORTED. Virtual reality simulation training can effectively supplement traditional endoscopy training for beginners .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical microbicides to prevent sexually transmitted infections.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that G. lucidum may improve the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that systemic chemotherapy is effective for treating brain metastases from small cell lung cancer. However, whole brain radiotherapy is the standard treatment for patients with brain metast
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mobile phone messaging to improve healthcare-seeking behavior and health outcomes for patients receiving medical results.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Propofol sedation is more effective for ERCP procedures than midazolam and meperidine sedation. Propofol sedation is associated with a shorter procedure time, lower
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, the WHO recommends azithromycin as an alternative to benzathine penicillin for the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific fetal surveillance regimen for pregnancies with impaired fetal growth. The optimal surveillance regimen for pregnancies with impaired fet
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent study showed that peritoneal dialysis was associated with a lower risk of mortality than intermittent hemodial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Melatonin is a hormone that is naturally produced in the pineal gland and has a variety of physiological functions, including regulation of the sleep-wake cycle, circadian
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Electromechanical and robot-assisted arm training improves daily living activities for stroke patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no standard treatment for POEMS syndrome. The treatment is based on the clinical presentation and the organs involved. The mainstay of treatment is chemotherapy. The most commonly used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that telemedicine improves parental satisfaction and reduces hospital stay for infants in intensive care. However, there is evidence that telemed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Cataract surgery does not improve vision in patients with age-related macular degeneration. However, cataract surgery may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Diabetic amyotrophy is a complication of diabetes mellitus that causes atrophy of the pectoralis major and trapezius muscles. It is a
SUPPORTED. Radiofrequency ablation is effective in treating liver metastases from colorectal cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of glucocorticoids in women undergoing IVF or ICSI is not recommended. However, the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Artesunate is more effective than quinine for treating severe malaria .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence that zinc supplementation reduces the duration of diarrho
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the optimal way to administer fluids for treating painful crises in sickle cell disease. However, there is evidence that aggressive hydration can be harmful.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of omega-3 PUFA supplementation for the prevention of dementia and cognitive decline in older people. However, the evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding platinum-based chemotherapy after surgery or radiotherapy improves survival in women with early stage cervical cancer. However, there is insufficient evidence to ref
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Tobacco cessation counseling by oral health professionals can help people quit tobacco.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from 10 studies)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of body positioning to improve breathing in preterm infants with apnoea. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether inducing labor at term or post-term reduces the risk of perinatal death compared to waiting for spontaneous labor. The Cochrane review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant vitamin supplementation to prevent or slow the progression of age-related cataract. The Age-Related
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of combined oral contraceptives for treating facial acne. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) has evaluated the safety of MSG and has concluded that it does not cause adverse
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that increased water intake helps prevent urinary stones. However, there is evidence that increased water intake helps treat urinary stones.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychological interventions in reducing recurrent chest pain in patients without coronary artery disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine removal of asymptomatic impacted wisdom teeth.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that beta radiation improves the success rate of glaucoma surgery. However, the effect of beta radiation on the success rate of glaucoma surgery is not clear
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bronchodilators in preterm infants with chronic lung disease. The use of bronchodilators in preterm infants with chronic lung
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The use of anti-inflammatory agents in patients with acute rheumatic fever is not supported by the current clinical research. However, the use of corticosteroids
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic cromolyn sodium to reduce the incidence of chronic lung disease in preterm infants. The current evidence
REFUTED. The open retropubic colposuspension is not an effective treatment for urinary incontinence. The procedure is associated with a high risk of complications, including voiding dysfunction, blad
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The use of antifungal agents in patients with allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (ABPA) and cystic fibrosis (CF) is not supported by the
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Operative management for fetal distress improves outcomes for mothers and babies compared to conservative management .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of piracetam for fetal distress during labor. The use of piracetam for fetal distress during labor is not recommended.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic abdominal decompression in pregnancy to improve pregnancy outcomes. The use of prophylactic abdominal decompression in
SUPPORTED. (evidence from 10 RCTs, 1886 patients) Colloid solutions are more effective than crystalloid fluids for fluid resuscitation in critically ill patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment for isolated fractures of the ulnar shaft in adults. The treatment of these fractures is challenging due to the complex anatomy of the distal ul
SUPPORTED. Audit and feedback is a complex intervention that involves the systematic collection of clinical data and summarized feedback to healthcare professionals about their performance. It is a widely used quality improvement strategy in healthcare and has been shown to improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant vitamin or mineral supplements to prevent age-related macular degeneration. The Age-Related Eye Disease
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is conflicting. The Cochrane review of 2017 concluded that there is no evidence that proph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the expedited vaginal delivery of breech births. The optimal mode of delivery for breech births remains controversial. The current evidence suggests that planned ces
REFUTED. There is no evidence that planned immediate caesarean delivery is better than planned vaginal birth for women in preterm labour. The best management of women in preterm labour is individualized care based on the gest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antenatal abdominal decompression for women with hypertension or impaired fetal growth. There is a lack of randomized controlled trials
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of early ERCP in patients with acute gallstone pancreatitis. The decision to perform ERCP should be based on the presence of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that clonazepam was effective for treating neurop
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that phenytoin was not effective for treating neurop
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Liu et al.  included 10 studies with 492 participants and found that inspiratory muscle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018 included 11 studies and found that there was no consensus on the effectiveness of antib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that oxytoc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is currently insufficient evidence to determine whether any otoprotective intervention is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that crowns are more effective than conventional fillings for restoring endodontically treated teeth. The effectiveness of crowns and conventional fillings for restoring endod
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Aripiprazole is effective for treating irritability in individuals with autism spectrum disorders. Aripiprazole is effective in reducing irritability in children and adolescents with A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness and safety of oral traditional Chinese medicine for treating adhesive small bowel obstruction. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether oral traditional Chinese medicine
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Glucocorticoid therapy for childhood ALL commonly leads to adrenal insufficiency after treatment. Glucocorticoid therapy is a cornerstone of treatment for childhood acute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the effectiveness of beta2-adrenoceptor agonists for primary dysmenorrhoea included
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of pacing for patients with drug-refractory hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. However, pacing is effective for patients with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Nutritional interventions have been shown to improve health outcomes in patients with liver disease in some studies, but the evidence is not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Coarctation of the thoracic aorta is a congenital narrowing of the aorta that can lead to hypertension and other cardiovascular problems.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at improving appropriate polypharmacy in reducing medication-related problems in older people.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that coenzyme Q10 did not improve motor or
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Antipsychotic drugs are effective in preventing relapse in people with schizophrenia. The Cochrane review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Iron deficiency is a common cause of restless legs syndrome (RLS), but it is not clear whether iron supplementation is effective for treating RLS. A systematic review of randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of topical minoxidil for treating female pattern hair loss. However, there
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of adjuvant radiotherapy after surgery for early-stage cervical cancer has been shown to reduce the risk of disease progression. The EORTC 2698
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cardiopulmonary interventions to reduce blood loss during liver resection.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of carnitine supplementation to improve fatigue in patients with multiple sclerosis. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that car
LABEL: SUPPORTED. TDF + FTC + EFV is an effective and safe first-line treatment for patients with HIV. TDF + FTC + EFV is a highly effective and well-
REFUTED. There is no evidence that knee length graduated compression stockings are less effective than thigh length stockings for preventing deep vein thrombosis in hospitalized patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the preferred treatment for Angle Class III malocclusion in adults. Treatment options include functional appliances, orthognathic surgery, and a combination of both.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that patient education or counselling improves adherence to tuberculosis treatment. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials found that patient education or counselling
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  compared the outcomes of laparoscopic cholecystectomy with and
EFFECTIVE: (supported). Chinese herbal medicine is effective for treating endometriosis-related pain and infertility. The systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that Chinese
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that rapid viral testing in the emergency department reduces unnecessary antibiotic use in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 RCTs with 1,039
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of home uterine activity monitoring in women at high risk of preterm birth. The current evidence is limited to a single randomized controlled trial with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of leukotriene receptor antagonists in acute asthma. However, there is some evidence that leukotriene
EFFECTIVE: Ureteroscopy is more effective than ESWL for treating ureteral stones . Ureteroscopy is more effective than ESWL for treating ureteral stones . Ureter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of interventions in treating chronic blepharitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of metal protein attenuating compounds in the treatment of Alzheimer's dementia. The use of metal protein attenuating comp
SUPPORTED. (effective). Recompression therapy is effective for treating decompression illness. Recompression therapy is the treatment of choice for treating DCS. It involves the use of a pressure chamber to gradually recompress the patient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Acupuncture is effective for treating irritable bowel syndrome .
SUPPORTED. Uterine artery embolization is an effective treatment for symptomatic uterine fibroids .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to suggest that one method of delivery is superior
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Chinese herbal medicine for the treatment of advanced colorectal cancer. However, there are some studies that suggest that Chinese herbal medicine may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hip core decompression in the treatment of sickle cell disease and avascular necrosis of bone.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that addressed the safety and effectiveness of totally implanted venous access devices for administer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: The treatment of acute exacerbations of COPD at home is effective compared to hospital inpatient care. A Cochrane review of 10 RCTs with 2,466 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that early skin-to-skin contact improves breastfeeding and infant behavior. However, there is evidence that early skin-to-skin contact
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence in the literature that wearing rings or nail polish by surgical teams affects the rate of postoperative wound infections. However, it is recommended that surgeons do not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that bisphosphonates did not improve overall
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of insulin-sensitising drugs to improve reproductive outcomes in women with PCOS. The use of metformin in combination
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of immunotherapy for treating IgM anti-myelin-associated glycoprotein paraprotein-associated demyel
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
REFUTED. The effect of dietary fat on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk has been extensively studied. The most recent and largest randomized controlled trial (RCT) on this topic is the PURE study
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in preterm infants is not well studied. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The use of inhaled corticosteroids in preterm infants with chronic lung disease is not well studied. There is a lack of clinical trials comparing the use of inhaled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The position a woman chooses during labor does not affect the outcomes of childbirth. However, the position a woman chooses during labor may affect her level of satisfaction with the birth experience.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of inhaled corticosteroids in preterm infants is still under investigation. The Cochrane review by Kane et al. 2019  summarized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that the use of calcium antagonists did
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tiagabine in people with drug-resistant epilepsy. Tiagabine was approved by the FDA in 19
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED: (Yes) . Providing support to breastfeeding mothers improves breastfeeding duration and exclusivity .
SUPPORTED. Physical training improves the health of people with asthma.
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based crisis intervention (EBCI) is effective in reducing suicidal ideation and behavior, reducing psychiatric hospitalization, and improving functioning and quality of life in patients with acute episodes
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Speech and language therapy is effective for improving communication in people with aphasia after a stroke .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that training health professionals in smoking cessation counseling increased the rate of smoking cessation among patients .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of monoamine oxidase inhibitors for fibromyalgia found that the
SUPPORTED. Sildenafil citrate is effective for treating erectile dysfunction in patients with multiple sclerosis. Sildenafil citrate is a phosphodiesterase type 5
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: A). The use of local anaesthetic nerve blocks for pain relief during labour is supported by the current clinical research. A Cochrane review of 12 randomised controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of specific management strategies for decreased fetal movements to improve clinical outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cervical cerclage in women at high risk of preterm birth. The use of cervical cerclage in women at high
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of tiotropium in combination with long-acting beta(2)-agonists is more effective than using either treatment alone for COPD. This is supported by the results of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intracystic bleomycin is not a standard treatment for cystic craniopharyngiomas in children
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based) Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is more effective than other psychological therapies for people with schizophrenia. CBT is a type of psychosocial intervention
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the use of antifibrinolytic agents in reducing haemoptysis in patients. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al.  showed that exercise interventions can improve shoulder function in patients with head and neck cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any modification of the Epley manoeuvre for the treatment of posterior canal BPPV. The current evidence is based on case series
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Thalidomide is a synthetic glutamate derivative that was withdrawn from the market in the 1960s due to its teratogenic effects. However,
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Interventions for congenital talipes equinovarus are effective.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is a trend towards a beneficial effect of preoperative statin therapy on outcomes for patients undergoing cardiac surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pycnogenol® is a proprietary mixture of bioflavonoids extracted from maritime pine bark. It has been studied for its potential therapeutic effects in a variety of chronic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: Daclizumab is effective and safe for treating relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis . Daclizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the preferred treatment method for acute simple elbow dislocations in adults. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. The treatment options include closed reduction with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antioxidants or pharmacological treatments improve symptoms of Friedreich ataxia. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the hypothesis that antio
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aromatherapy for reducing postoperative nausea and vomiting. Aromatherapy is not recommended as a routine treatment for postoper
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Glucocorticoids are not recommended for the treatment of anaphylaxis. However, they may be used for the prevention of anaphylaxis in people with a history of an
EFFECTIVE: (supported) . Botulinum toxin is effective for treating myofascial pain syndrome. Botulinum toxin is a neurotoxin that inhibits the release of acetylch
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of vitamin D supplementation in cystic fibrosis patients found no randomized controlled trials on this topic .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (preventive effect of interventions on excessive weight gain during pregnancy) . The current research has shown that interventions such as dietary interventions, physical activity, and behavioral interventions can effectively prevent excessive weight
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Catheter ablation is a better treatment option than medical therapy for patients with atrial fibrillation . Catheter ablation is a procedure that uses radiofrequency energy to destroy a small area of heart
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has not shown any increased risk of serious adverse events associated with the regular use of formoterol in asth
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of patellar taping in adults with patellofemoral pain syndrome. A systematic review by Nielsen et al. 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of zinc supplements to prevent otitis media in children. A systematic review published in 2011 included 11 randomized controlled
SUPPORTED. Multiple chronic conditions are defined as the co-occurrence of two or more chronic conditions in one person. The prevalence of multiple chronic conditions is increasing globally, and the management of these conditions is a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective drug treatment for spinal muscular atrophy types II and III. The only approved treatment is nusinersen, a modified antisense oligonuc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective drug treatment for spinal muscular atrophy type I. The only approved treatment is nusinersen, a modified antisense oligonucleot
SUPPORTED. Trastuzumab improves survival outcomes in women with HER2-positive early breast cancer. Trastuzumab is a monoclonal antibody that binds to the extracell
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of hormonal contraceptives on carbohydrate metabolism in healthy women. However, there are some studies that have shown that
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of nicotine receptor partial agonists, such as varenicline and bupropion, has been shown to increase the likelihood of quitting smoking compared to place
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Elemene is effective for treating lung cancer.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews and meta-analyses)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a feeding readiness instrument to improve the time to establish full oral feeding in preterm infants. However, the use of a feeding readiness
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The combined DTP-HBV-HIB vaccine is a safe and effective vaccine that protects against diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, hepat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of carbetocin as effective as conventional uterotonics in preventing postpartum haemorrhage. However, there is a trend
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of rhAPC in neonatal sepsis. The use of rhAPC in neonatal sepsis is not recommended.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no benefit from using spectacles or occlusion in treating refractive amblyopia. Amblyopia is a neurodevelopmental disorder of the visual system, and the current evidence suggests that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anal plugs for the management of faecal incontinence. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 10 observational
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of current treatments for mitochondrial disease.
ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to reduce muscle cramps in people with ALS/MND. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of interventions to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic interventions to reduce the risk of infection in patients with nephrotic syndrome. The current evidence is limited to a single
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines do not recommend adjuvant radiotherapy for patients with stage I endometrial cancer after surgery. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, the current standard of care for patients with multiple brain metastases is whole brain radiotherapy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Inhaled anticholinergic drugs are not recommended as a single treatment for acute asthma in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that face washing reduces active trachoma in endemic communities.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials and observational studies) Asthma clinics in primary care settings have been shown to improve asthma control, reduce hospitalizations, and improve quality of life compared to usual care
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of intravenous secretin on symptoms of autism spectrum disorders.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that drugs that reduce gastric acidity improve fat absorption in people with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of immunosuppressive agents in the treatment of multifocal motor neuropathy. The current evidence is based on small case series
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend the use of angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors (ACEIs) or angiot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The neuraminidase inhibitors oseltamivir and zanamivir are effective in treating influenza in children. The neuraminidase inhibitor zanamivir
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes). Inhaled corticosteroids are effective and safe for reducing the incidence of bronchopulmonary dysplasia in preterm infants . Inhaled cortic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aspirin is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that has been used for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of restrictive transfusion thresholds in patients with SCD. The Cochrane review by Kwiatkowski et al.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bisphosphonates in people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence that bisphosphonates are effective in
SUPPORTED. The Shouldice technique is more effective than other non-laparoscopic methods for hernia repair. The Shouldice technique is a surgical procedure used to repair hernias, particularly inguinal her
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Surgical interventions are more effective than non-surgical interventions for treating ingrowing toenails.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of corticosteroids in patients with acute optic neuritis is still controversial. Some studies have shown that cortic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of outreach respiratory health care worker programmes in improving the quality of life of COPD patients. A systematic review by Liu et al
RATIONALE: The clinical research on the effectiveness of zuclopenthixol acetate for managing acute aggression in psychiatric patients is limited. There is only one randomized controlled trial (RCT) that compared zu
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fetal ECG waveform analysis is not a method of fetal monitoring. It is a method of fetal assessment. There is no evidence that fetal ECG waveform analysis impro
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Mobile phone text messaging improves adherence to antiretroviral therapy in HIV patients. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Micronutrient supplements are recommended for pregnant and lactating women with HIV, but there is insufficient evidence on their effectiveness and safety.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of caffeine as an adjuvant to common pain relievers. However, there is some evidence that caffeine may enhance the analges
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Non-pharmacological interventions such as acupuncture, massage, and hypnosis have been shown to be effective in reducing labor pain. Pharmacological interventions such
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotics before emb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to improve the uptake of copper IUD contraception. However, there is evidence that interventions such as counseling and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of memory rehabilitation in patients with multiple sclerosis was conducted. The results
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychological follow-up in improving the well-being of women after a miscarriage. However, there is evidence that psychological support can help women
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
SUPPORTED. Mirror therapy is effective for improving motor function in stroke patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tricyclic antidepressants in the treatment of autism spectrum disorders. However, there is evidence that tricyclic antide
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Airway clearance techniques are safe and effective for people with COPD. Airway clearance techniques are used to remove secretions from the airways of people with COPD. There are several
SUPPORTED. Milnacipran is effective in reducing pain for people with fibromyalgia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (not enough information). There is no clear evidence that distal aortic perfusion reduces the risk of neurological deficits during TAAA surgery. However, the current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that centralised care improves survival for women with gynaecological cancer. The current evidence is not sufficient to draw a conclusion.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence of a difference in the risk of serious adverse events between
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support a specific position or mobilisation to relieve pain or prevent further collapse in patients with metastatic spinal cord compression. However, patients should be encouraged to mobil
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a specific technique of flushing or reperfusion that improves outcomes after liver transplantation. The current literature is limited to small observational
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine preoperative medical testing before cataract surgery. The routine preoperative medical testing is not recommended in the current guidelines. However, the pre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,000 patients with prolonged
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend on-pump CABG for patients with ischaemic heart disease. However, the choice of off-
REFUTED. The use of antioxidant supplements does not reduce the risk of death in adults. In fact, the use of antioxidant supplements may increase the risk of death in adults. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no evidence that statins are effective in preventing or delay
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for arthritis in cystic fibrosis patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of dietary interventions in a dental care setting to change dietary behavior. However, there is evidence that dietary interventions in other settings can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cholinesterase inhibitors in the treatment of Parkinson's disease with dementia. The current evidence is based on small,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of garlic to prevent or treat the common cold. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that garlic had
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of medications to improve breast milk volume and breastfeeding duration in mothers of preterm infants.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Higher hospital and surgeon volume is associated with improved outcomes in colorectal cancer surgery. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 10 studies found that higher hospital volume was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The hospital environment can have an effect on adult patient health-related outcomes, but the extent of this effect is not clear. Some studies have found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotic proph
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that therapeutic patient education is effective for improving outcomes in adults with neck pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Iron supplementation is recommended for preterm infants and infants with low birth weight. However, the effect of iron supplementation on growth and neurodevelopment in preterm and low birth weight
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of sodium transport blockers on respiratory condition in people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence that sodium transport block
REFUTED. Recombinant factor VIIa is not effective for controlling or preventing bleeding in patients without haemophilia. The use of recombinant factor VIIa in patients without haemophilia is off-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fondaparinux is a parenteral anticoagulant that is used for the treatment of deep vein thrombosis and pulmonary embolism. It
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2016 found no RCTs that met
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Adjuvant chemotherapy with platinum and taxane agents improves progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) in patients with early-stage epithel
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nutrient-enriched formula in preterm infants after hospital discharge. The current evidence is limited to a single randomized controlled trial
REFUTED. There is no evidence that planned caesarean delivery is superior to planned vaginal delivery in terms of maternal and neonatal outcomes. The evidence suggests that planned caesarean delivery is associated with increased
LABEL: REFUTED. The results of the PROWESS trial (Recombinant Human Activated Protein C Worldwide Evaluation in Severe Sepsis) showed that the use of activated protein C in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There are no currently approved male hormonal contraceptives. The most advanced male contraceptive, a combination of a testosterone antagonist and an antiandrogen, is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of celecoxib for postoperative pain relief included 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
REFUTED. The MOSAIC trial (1) and NSABP-07 trial (2) have shown that adjuvant chemotherapy with fluorouracil-based chemotherapy regimens improves
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines do not recommend adjuvant radiotherapy for patients with stage I endometrial cancer after surgery. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of progesterone for premenstrual symptoms is still controversial. Some studies have shown that progesterone can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The prevalence of retinal detachment in patients with asymptomatic retinal breaks and lattice degeneration is low. The risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review of the literature found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the effectiveness of home intravenous
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The ketogenic diet has been shown to be effective in reducing seizure frequency in children with epilepsy. The ketogenic diet is a high-fat, low-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal timing of surgery for small abdominal aortic aneurysms is not well established. Some studies suggest that elect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effectiveness and safety of acellular pertussis vaccines compared to whole-cell vaccines for children are not well studied.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Glutamine is a conditionally essential amino acid that plays a crucial role in maintaining gut integrity, immune function, and protein synthesis. Preterm infants are at risk of glut
SUPPORTED. (riluzole prolongs survival in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis). Riluzole was the first drug approved by the FDA for the treatment of ALS.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether mechanical methods for cervical ripening are effective compared to other induction methods.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of prophylactic surf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inositol supplementation is not recommended for preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inositol supplementation in preterm inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fibrinogen depleting agents in the treatment of acute ischaemic stroke. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (effective) Subcutaneous sumatriptan is effective for treating acute migraine attacks. Subcutaneous sumatriptan is a safe and effective treatment for migraine attacks. It is a fast-
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Rectal sumatriptan is effective for treating acute migraine attacks. Rectal sumatriptan is effective for treating acute migraine attacks. Rectal sumatriptan
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intranasal sumatriptan is effective for treating acute migraine attacks. Intranasal sumatriptan is a safe and effective treatment option for migraine patients. It
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness and safety of advance distribution of misoprostol for preventing postpartum hemorrhage in non-facility births
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the route of oxytocin administration affects maternal and infant outcomes after vaginal birth. The current research has not been able to determine whether the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Lacosamide is a new antiepileptic drug that has been approved for the treatment of partial-onset seizures. It is a novel anticonvulsant that has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best magnesium sulphate regimen for fetal neuroprotection in at-risk pregnancies. The optimal dose, route of administration, and duration
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of massage as a method to reduce pain during labor. However, there is some evidence that massage may be beneficial for reducing anxiety and depression during labor.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Alginate dressings are effective for the treatment of diabetic foot ulcers. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that alginate dressings are effective for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kherad et al. 2019  showed that hydrocolloid dressings are effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kralj et al. (2018)  included 11 studies with 206
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Congenital choanal atresia is a rare condition that can be treated with surgical techniques. The most common surgical technique is the endoscopic technique, which involves using an
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Robot-assisted surgery is a type of minimally invasive surgery that uses a robot to perform surgical procedures. It is often used for benign gynaecological diseases such as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes. The effect of vitamin D supplementation during pregnancy on mater
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the use of hypertonic saline in cystic fibrosis found no studies that compared
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Diclofenac is effective for treating acute migraine headaches. A 2018 Cochrane review found that NSAIDs, including diclofenac,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Aloe vera products in the treatment of acute and chronic wounds. Aloe vera products have been used in traditional medicine to treat wounds
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral sumatriptan is effective for treating acute migraine attacks. Sumatriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist that is effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (not enough information). There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Cabergoline is not recommended to prevent OHSS in high-risk women undergoing ART treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ultrasound therapy is not recommended for the treatment of acute fractures in adults. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of ultrasound therapy for the
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . Tibolone is effective and safe for treating menopausal symptoms in postmenopausal women. Tibolone is a selective estrogen receptor modulator (
SUPPORTED. Rotavirus vaccines are effective in preventing rotavirus diarrhoea in children. Rotavirus vaccines have been shown to be effective in preventing rotavirus diarrhoea in children in multiple studies and meta-
SUPPORTED. Primary thromboprophylaxis with LMWH reduces the risk of VTE in cancer patients receiving chemotherapy . LMWH is recommended for primary thromboprophylaxis in cancer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pycnogenol® is a proprietary mixture of bioflavonoids extracted from maritime pine bark. It has been studied for its potential therapeutic effects in a variety of chronic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Atrophic rhinitis is a chronic inflammatory disease of the nasal mucosa characterized by the atrophy of the nasal mucosal glands and
REFUTED. The current evidence does not support the use of antibiotics in the treatment of leptospirosis. The antibiotics do not improve the survival rate of patients with leptospirosis .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cold-water immersion for reducing muscle soreness after exercise. However, there is some evidence that cold-water immersion may reduce swelling
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Behavioural and cognitive-behavioural group-based parenting programmes are effective for improving child conduct problems. A systematic review of 11 studies found that behavioural and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Exogenous surfactant treatment is not indicated in infants with bacterial pneumonia. However, exogenous surfactant treatment is indicated in infants with respiratory distress
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current treatment options for erosive lichen planus affecting mucosal surfaces are limited. The current treatment options include
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Alemtuzumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to CD52, a molecule expressed on the surface of most lymphoid and myel
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of paying for performance in improving health care and health outcomes in low- and middle-income countries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of palivizumab in children with cystic fibrosis. A randomised controlled trial was conducted to evaluate the effic
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral deferasirox is effective and safe for treating iron overload in people with thalassemia. The European Medicines Agency (EMA) approved deferasirox
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. TDF + FTC + EFV is an effective and safe first-line treatment for HIV. TDF + FTC + EFV is a highly effective and safe antiret
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that one surgical method is more effective than the other for treating periocular basal cell carcinoma. The choice of surgical method should be based on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend antibiotic treatment for children with covert bacteriuria. However, the guidelines also do not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Functional analysis is a behavioral assessment technique that is used to identify the function of a behavior. It is a systematic process that involves observing and recording the behavior, identifying the antecedent
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic 360-degree interventions to prevent giant retinal tears or retinal detachments in the fellow eye.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2013 found that pentoxifyll
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Laser peripheral iridoplasty (LPI) is a procedure that uses a laser to treat narrow angles and angle-closure glaucoma. It involves using a laser to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Carnitine is a compound that is naturally produced in the body and is also found in many foods. It is an essential nutrient for the body, especially for the heart, muscles, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of drospirenone-containing oral contraceptives for the treatment of premenstrual symptoms. The current evidence is limited to a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the safest method of entry for laparoscopic surgery. The choice of entry site depends on the surgeon's preference and experience. The most
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of bone marrow-derived stem cells for the treatment of acute myocardial infarction is still controversial
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Botulinum toxin is an effective treatment for strabismus. Botulinum toxin is a safe and effective treatment for strabismus. It is a non-surg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aspirin and anti-inflammatory drugs have been studied as potential treatments for Alzheimer's disease, but
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of over-the-counter cough medications in treating cough associated with pneumonia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that the use of wound drains after incisional hernia repair is beneficial for patient outcomes. However, the use of wound drains is associated with increased postoper
SUPPORTED. Cognitive stimulation is effective in improving cognitive function in people with dementia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether carbetocin is more effective than conventional uterotonics for preventing postpartum haemorrhage. The Cochrane review on this
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of behavioral interventions in reducing HIV transmission among sex workers and their clients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of dietary supplements in the treatment of atopic eczema. The use of probiotics, prebiotics, and synbiot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Adenosine and verapamil are both effective for treating supraventricular tachycardia. Aden
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of admission cardiotocograph for low-risk pregnant women in labor. The use of admission cardiotocograph is not recommended in the current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of diuretics or high volume fluid therapy in the treatment of acute ureteric colic. However, there is some evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chest physiotherapy for infants with acute bronchiolitis. The Cochrane systematic review by Liu et al. 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2011  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The MMR vaccine is effective in preventing mumps, measles, and rubella in children. The MMR vaccine has been shown to be effective in preventing mumps, measles, and
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Antifungal drugs are effective in treating fungal keratitis. Fungal keratitis is a serious infection of the cornea that can lead to blindness if not treated prompt
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials showed that topical NSAIDs were effective in reducing postoperative corne
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of antipsychotic drugs is effective in the treatment of late-onset schizophrenia in elderly people. The use of antipsychotic drugs can improve the symptoms
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 RCTs with 1144 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, it is generally accepted that tap water is not sterile and can contain pathogens. Therefore, it is not recommended to
SUPPORTED. Diuretics are the mainstay of treatment for patients with chronic heart failure. They are used to reduce fluid overload and to improve symptoms such as dyspnea and edema. Diuretics
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best method for replacing missing teeth in patients with partial tooth loss. The choice of treatment plan depends on the number of missing teeth, the location of the missing teeth,
RATIONALE: The use of antibiotic prophylaxis in elective inguinal hernia repair is controversial. The use of antibiotic prophylaxis in elective inguinal hernia repair is controversial.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Intermittent preventive treatment (IPT) is a preventive treatment given to individuals who are not infected with malaria but live in an area where malaria is endemic. The idea
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cancer genetic risk-assessment services for patients at risk of familial breast cancer.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Bisphosphonates and denosumab have been shown to reduce the risk of skeletal-related events in women with breast cancer and bone metastases. A systematic review and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that one surgical method is better than another for improving or replacing bladder function using intestinal segments. The choice of surgical method depends on the patient'
SUPPORTED. (moderate). rhGH treatment improves height in children with chronic kidney disease. rhGH treatment in children with chronic kidney disease is associated with improved growth and linear height velocity, but not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The stapled technique is not superior to the handsewn technique in colorectal anastomosis surgery. The Cochrane review of 2016 included
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Quitting smoking significantly reduces the risk of death for patients with coronary heart disease. The relative risk of death for patients with coronary heart disease who quit smoking compared to those who continue to
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral sumatriptan is effective for treating acute migraine attacks in adults. Sumatriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence in current research to answer this question. However, it is known that organisational infrastructures are important for the implementation of evidence-based nursing.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aminoglycoside antibiotics are commonly used to treat pulmonary exacerbations in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Lobeline is a naturally occurring alkaloid found in the roots of the lobelia plant. It has been used as a traditional medicine for centuries to treat various ailments, including ast
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intravesical gemcitabine is effective in preventing tumor recurrence in non-muscle invasive bladder cancer. Intravesical gemcitabine is a chem
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2013 included 10 RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Bezafibrate is a fibrate that has been used to treat dyslipidemia. There is no evidence that bezafibrate is effective in treating primary biliary cir
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions for Indigenous populations. A systematic review of smoking cessation interventions for Indigenous populations in Australia, New
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of management strategies for pregnant women with hyperglycaemia not meeting GDM criteria. The current research does not provide enough information to answer this question
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The neuraminidase inhibitors oseltamivir and zanamivir are effective in reducing the duration of symptoms of influenza A and B in adults and children . The neur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient information on whether gastrointestinal or liver comorbidities should influence pain treatment choices in patients with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the use of muscle relaxants in the management of pain in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. The use of muscle relaxants in patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no published randomized controlled trial comparing allogeneic stem cell transplantation with conventional therapies for advanced primary cutaneous T-cell lymphomas. However, there are case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the treatment of humeral shaft fractures. The treatment of humeral shaft fractures is based on the type of fracture, the patient's condition, and the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vigabatrin is an effective and safe treatment for epilepsy compared to carbamazepine. However, there is insufficient evidence to support this statement. Vigabatrin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of prophylactic antibiotics in acute stroke patients is controversial. A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Minimally invasive surgery is a surgical technique that involves making small incisions and using special instruments to perform surgery through these
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best method for intramedullary nailing in treating tibial shaft fractures. The choice of intramedullary nailing technique depends on the type of fracture
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Continuous glucose monitoring improves glycaemic control in type 1 diabetes compared to conventional self-monitoring .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical agents in treating oral ulcers in HIV-infected adults. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case series. A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors for the treatment of cognitive symptoms in people with schizophrenia. A systematic review of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Phototherapy is a treatment for hyperbilirubinemia, not a preventive measure. The question is whether phototherapy reduces the risk of complications in preterm or low birth weight
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of material incentives to improve adherence to tuberculosis treatment. However, there is some evidence that non-material incentives such as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of surgery over endoscopy in managing pain in obstructive chronic pancreatitis. However, surgery is the preferred option for treating complications
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether intravenous iron supplementation is more beneficial than oral iron for treating anaemia in patients with chronic kidney disease.
NOT ENOUGHT INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of pronation method compared to supination method in treating pulled elbow in young children. There is also no evidence to support the effectiveness of pronation method compared
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The choice between phakic intraocular lenses and excimer laser surgery for correcting moderate to high myopia depends
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence does not support the use of high-dose therapy followed by autologous stem cell transplantation in patients with follicular lymphoma. However, the optimal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2013 included 11 RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tranexamic acid in the treatment of upper gastrointestinal bleeding. However, there is some evidence that tranexamic acid
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The use of quantitative cultures of respiratory secretions to diagnose ventilator-associated pneumonia is not recommended. However, the use of quantitative cultures of resp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological strategies to prevent chronic venous insufficiency in standing workers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of smoking cessation interventions in preventing weight gain after quitting smoking.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of high-carbohydrate enteral feeds over high-fat enteral feeds in burn patients. A systematic review by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that different anticholinergic drugs have varying effects on overactive bladder symptoms. The current research has not been able to demonstrate a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Pentoxifylline improves walking capacity in patients with intermittent claudication. Pentoxifylline is a phosphodiesterase inhibitor that increases blood flow
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) is effective for patients with type 2 diabetes who are not using insulin. SMBG can help patients with type 2
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Peri-implantitis is a chronic inflammatory disease affecting implants. The treatment of peri-implantitis is based on non-surgical and surgical approaches
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of PEEP level on the outcomes in preterm newborns requiring mechanical ventilation. The optimal PEEP level for preterm newborn
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is only one study that evaluated the effect of home visits on outcomes for pregnant or postpartum women with a drug or alcohol problem. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that decompressive surgery improves survival in patients with massive acute ischaemic stroke and cerebral oedema. In fact, the evidence suggests that the surgery may be harmful.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials comparing topical and oral antibiotics for impetigo found that there were no randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, the current literature suggests that preoperative blood transfusion is not beneficial for patients with sickle cell disease undergoing surgery
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of prophylactic treatment for influenza in children found that there is a lack of high-quality
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The neuraminidase inhibitors oseltamivir and zanamivir are effective in treating influenza in children. The neuraminidase inhibitor zanamivir
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Optic nerve decompression surgery is not recommended for nonarteritic ischemic optic neuropathy. However, the
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based) Antibiotic prophylaxis reduces the risk of postoperative endometritis and subsequent adverse outcomes in women undergoing cesarean section. The use of single
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hospital-at-home services for acute stroke patients. The current research has shown mixed results regarding the effectiveness of hospital-at-home services
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Life skills programmes have been shown to be effective in improving outcomes in people with chronic mental health problems. A systematic review of 12 studies found that life skills programmes were effective in improving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether any intervention improves the success of turning a breech baby to head first presentation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Amnioinfusion is the infusion of fluid into the amniotic sac during labor. It is used to increase the volume of amniotic fluid, which can be low in some pregn
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no significant benefit to the treatment being investigated. The use of the combination of aspirin and clopidogrel in patients with acute coronary syndrome (ACS) is associated with a higher risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of relaxation methods to reduce pain during labor.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of home-based nursing interventions in improving medication adherence in children on antiretroviral therapy. However, there is evidence that home
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Pelvic floor muscle training is effective in reducing urinary incontinence in women. Pelvic floor muscle training is a non-invasive, low-cost, and safe treatment
SUPPORTED. Pressure-relieving support surfaces are effective in treating pressure ulcers. The use of pressure-relieving support surfaces can reduce the incidence of pressure ulcers in high-risk patients . The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend hormone replacement therapy for women with primary biliary cirrhosis. However, the decision to use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current study showed that the use of bisphosphonates in patients with primary biliary cirrhosis is not associated with
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Rituximab is an effective treatment for relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. Rituximab is a chimeric monoclonal antibody that
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Iron deficiency is a common condition in children and adolescents, especially in developing countries. Iron deficiency can lead to iron deficiency anemia, which can cause serious
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of methods to reduce blood loss and transfusion needs in liver transplantation.
SUPPORTED. There is evidence that topical treatments are effective in reducing dry mouth symptoms.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Eslicarbazepine acetate is effective in reducing seizures in people with drug-resistant partial epilepsy. Eslicarbazepine acetate is a pot
SUPPORTED. Patient education is effective in improving health outcomes for patients with coronary heart disease. Patient education can improve patient knowledge, self-efficacy, and self-management skills, which can lead to better ad
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Flossing in addition to toothbrushing helps reduce gum disease in adults. Flossing is an important part of oral hygiene and is effective in removing plaque from interd
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no specific sclerosing agent that is most effective for treating telangiectasias of the lower limbs.
SUPPORTED. Electronic health records can help clinicians support patients in quitting smoking by providing decision support tools, such as clinical guidelines and patient education materials, and by documenting smoking status and smoking cessation counseling provided
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether non-invasive cardiac screening tests accurately detect coronary artery disease in kidney transplant candidates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of customised growth charts over population-based growth charts for detecting fetal growth issues in pregnant women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of computer-assisted dietary history taking for diabetes management.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of remote ischaemic preconditioning in major vascular surgical procedures. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  included 11
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that statins are effective as a treatment for multiple sclerosis. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of statins in multiple sclerosis found no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is a trend towards the effectiveness of this treatment. The use of autologous adult bone marrow derived mononuc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Ayurvedic treatment for diabetes is not standardized. The Ayurvedic treatment for diabetes is not standardized. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of orientation interventions for cancer patients in reducing distress. A systematic review by Liu et al.  found that there is a lack of high-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical treatments for genital lichen sclerosus.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of social skills training in improving outcomes for children and adolescents with ADHD.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that coenzyme Q10 did not improve motor or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of systemic corticosteroids in acute sinusitis. However, the use of systemic corticosteroids in acute sinus
LED phototherapy is effective in reducing bilirubin levels in neonates compared to conventional phototherapy . LED phototherapy is a safe and effective alternative to conventional phototherapy for the treatment of hyperbilirubinemia in ne
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Aerobic training has beneficial effects for people with McArdle disease. Aerobic training has been shown to improve aerobic capacity, muscle strength, and quality of life
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of fluoride supplements has been shown to reduce the risk of dental caries in children. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that fluoride supplements reduced the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 RCTs with 1,039
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics in the maintenance of remission in ulcerative colitis. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of probiot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that adjuvant radiotherapy after prostate surgery improves survival in high-risk patients. The current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion.
EFFECTIVE: (supported) . Edaravone is effective for treating acute ischaemic stroke. The results of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (Japanese stroke prevention
SUPPORTED. Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) plus long-acting beta(2)-agonists (LABA) are recommended for COPD patients with exacerbations and/or low lung function.
SUPPORTED. The way health information is framed can affect people's health-related decisions. The way information is framed can influence the way people perceive the information, and this can affect their decisions. For example,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of perineal techniques during labor to reduce perineal trauma. The Cochrane systematic review by Chung et al. 201
REFUTED. There is no clear evidence that planned caesarean section for twin pregnancies has clear benefits for mothers and their babies. The choice of mode of delivery for twin pregnancies should be individualized based on the patient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no benefit to supplementing breastfed infants with additional fluids or foods before six months. The WHO recommends exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months of life. This recommendation is based on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Phantom limb pain is a subjective pain sensation experienced by amputees in the missing limb after amputation. The pain can be chronic and is difficult to treat. The
SUPPORTED. Infection prevention and control strategies can help reduce MRSA transmission in nursing homes. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends a comprehensive infection prevention and control program to prevent the spread
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Bell's palsy is a common form of facial paralysis. The most common treatment for Bell's palsy is steroids, which can improve the prognosis of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective drug treatment for spinal muscular atrophy types II and III. The only approved treatment is nusinersen, a modified antisense oligonuc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective drug treatment for spinal muscular atrophy type I. The only approved treatment is nusinersen, a modified antisense oligonucleot
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There are effective and safe methods for expressing breast milk.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of behavioral interventions to reduce HIV transmission among sex workers and their clients in high-income countries.
EFFECTIVE: Ureteroscopy is more effective than ESWL for treating ureteral stones . Ureteroscopy is more effective than ESWL for treating ureteral stones . Ureter
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,000 women showed that interventions such as music, aromatherapy, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that interferon alpha provides a cure for chronic hepatitis D.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the use of progesterone for threatened miscarriage included 11 trials with 1,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is a systematic review that compared the efficacy of intravesical botulinum toxin with other treatments for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of workplace interventions in reducing risky sexual behavior related to HIV.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of complementary interventions for bedwetting in children. The current evidence is limited to a few small studies with conflicting results.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tiagabine in the prevention of episodes of bipolar disorder in adults. Tiagabine was not found to be effective in preventing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of oxcarbazepine for treating acute episodes of bipolar disorder is not well established.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of different types of urinary catheters in managing the neurogenic bladder. The choice of catheter type should be based on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine the effectiveness of one combination of asthma medication over another.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Music therapy improves outcomes for people with serious mental disorders like schizophrenia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no clear evidence that pelvic floor muscle training improves symptoms of pelvic organ prolapse. However, pelvic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has not been done. However, it is known that ORS ≤ 270 is effective for treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Auditory integration therapy (AIT) is a controversial intervention for individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASD). AIT is based on the theory that individuals with ASD have a deficit
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Hydrocortisone is effective for treating hypotension in preterm infants .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that heroin-assisted treatment (HAT) is effective in reducing illicit heroin use and improving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychological or educational interventions in preventing depression in children and adolescents.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of suctioning without disconnection from the ventilator in intubated neonates. The current literature is limited to case reports and case
SUPPORTED. Parent training interventions are effective in reducing ADHD symptoms in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of naftidrofuryl on dementia. Naftidrofuryl is a drug used to treat vertigo and dizz
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness of behavioural interventions for children with faecal in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no superior method for treating involutional entropion. The choice of treatment depends on the severity of the condition, the age of the patient, and the preference of the patient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of macrolide antibiotics in the treatment of cystic fibrosis. The use of macrolides in cystic fibros
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Childhood obesity prevention programs effectively reduce Body Mass Index in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Diuretics are not routinely recommended for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome in preterm infants. However, diuretics may be considered in preterm infants with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of amnioinfusion for preterm premature rupture of membranes. The current evidence is limited to small observational studies and case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal duration of antibiotic treatment for asymptomatic bacteriuria in pregnant women is not well established. A Co
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The supplementation of infant formula with LCPUFA is beneficial for term infants. The benefits include improved visual acuity, cognitive development, and hand-eye coordination. However, there
SUPPORTED. Epidural analgesia is effective in reducing pain during labor and does not have significant adverse effects on mothers and infants. (1) A Cochrane review of 2019 included
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that traction prior to surgery provides any benefits. Traction prior to surgery is not recommended. However, there is insufficient evidence to determine whether traction prior to surgery is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The choice of mode of delivery for the second twin in breech position is controversial. The risk of perinatal mortality and mor
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different methods for obtaining unpublished data improve the quality of systematic reviews. The Cochrane Handbook recommends authors to use multiple methods to identify unpublished
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
REFUTED. There is no difference in the risk of blood exposure for surgical staff between blunt needles and sharp needles . The use of blunt needles is associated with an increased risk of needlestick injury
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of neuropsychological rehabilitation in multiple sclerosis patients was conducted.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that quadriphasic oral contraceptives work better than monophasic oral contraceptives. The efficacy of oral contr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The question is too general. It is not clear what kind of standards, what kind of external inspection, and what kind of healthcare quality are meant.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that antidepressants were effective in reducing pain in patients with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question. The use of NSAIDs with methotrexate in inflammatory arthritis is not recommended due to the potential for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Compression stockings are recommended for the treatment of varicose veins in patients without healed or active venous ulceration. However, the evidence is insufficient to determine the optimal
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Oral health advice can improve the quality of life for people with serious mental illness.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics in patients with hepatic encephalopathy. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
ANSWER: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different methods of analgesia reduce pain during amniocentesis or chorionic villus sampling.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) of 120 patients with active Crohn's disease showed that the addition
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of non-pharmacologic psychosocial interventions for chronic orofacial pain. The current research has focused on the effectiveness of pharm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that NSAIDs prevent Parkinson's disease. A systematic review of observational studies found no association between NSAID use and the risk of Parkinson's
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effect of H. pylori eradication on Park
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not as effective as surgery for treating acute appendicitis. The current guidelines recommend surgical treatment for acute appendicitis. Antibiotics are not recommended as an alternative to
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Enzyme replacement therapy with idursulfase is effective for treating mucopolysaccharidosis type II. The European Medicines Agency (EMA) approved idursulfase
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mechanical dilatation of the cervix during non-labour caesarean sections to reduce postoperative complications. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of GnRH analogues to protect the ovaries during chemotherapy in premenopausal women. The use of GnR
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The evidence is conflicting. Some studies suggest that lycopene may reduce the risk of prostate cancer, while others suggest that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of omega-3 fatty acids for the treatment of symptoms of autism spectrum disorders. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Active management of the third stage of labour reduces the risk of severe haemorrhage compared to expectant management. The Cochrane review of 2018 found that active management
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of mentoring in preventing alcohol and drug use in adolescents. However, there is some evidence that mentoring can improve other outcomes such as academic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct evidence comparing the effectiveness of colonic stenting and emergency surgical decompression for treating malignant colorectal obstruction. However, indirect evidence suggests that colon
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The pulsed dye laser is effective in treating port-wine stains. The pulsed dye laser is the treatment of choice for port-wine stains. The pulsed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of xylitol in the prevention of acute otitis media in children. A systematic review published in 2014 included 11
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of interventions to reduce infections after liver resection. However, there is evidence that the use of prophylactic antibiotics can reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Antenatal breastfeeding education increases the initiation and duration of breastfeeding.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that laparoscopic nephrectomy is less painful than open nephrectomy for kidney donors. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral nutritional supplements to improve treatment outcomes for tuberculosis. However, there is some evidence that vitamin D supplementation may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of patient isolation measures to prevent the transmission of Candida in neonatal units. The transmission of Candida in neonatal units is complex and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of prostaglandins in liver transplantation is not supported by the current clinical research. However, there is evidence that prostaglandins may have beneficial effects in other medical conditions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of Chinese medicinal herbs for treating measles. However, there are some clinical studies on the effectiveness of Chinese medicinal herbs for treating other vir
REFUTED. Laetrile is not effective in treating cancer. Laetrile is a compound derived from amygdalin, a natural substance found in the seeds and pits of apricots, peaches, and other
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to reduce blood loss during myomectomy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research is not sufficient to determine whether the addition of intraperitoneal chemotherapy improves survival outcomes in ovarian
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the use of cognitive reframing to reduce stress and psychological issues in family carers of people with dementia.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Ultrasound guidance improves the success rate and safety of catheter insertions for dialysis. Ultrasound guidance is associated with a higher first-attempt success rate, fewer complic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether a once-a-day regimen of gentamicin is more effective than multiple doses per day for treating neonatal sepsis.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Exercise interventions improve balance in older adults.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Hydralazine lowers blood pressure in patients with primary hypertension compared to placebo. Hydralazine is a first-generation vasodilator that has been used for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a risk-screening tool to predict preterm birth in reducing its incidence. The use of risk-screening tools may help identify women
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Probiotics are live microorganisms that may help prevent antibiotic-associated diarrhea in children. The use of probiotics in children with antibiotic-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. . Reducing sodium intake lowers blood pressure.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the type of dressing used for central venous catheters affects the risk of infection. The Cochrane review by Kunz et al.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effectiveness of oral contraceptives is similar between triphasic and monophasic preparations. The side effects of
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Fitness training after stroke reduces disability. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 536 participants showed that fitness training after stroke reduced disability
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Opioid analgesics are effective for treating pain in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Opioid analgesics are effective for treating pain in patients with r
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of any particular medical method for first trimes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that one surgical technique is superior to another for the treatment of chronic anal fissures. The choice of surgical technique should be based on the surgeon's experience
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antiplatelet agents reduce mortality and cardiovascular events in patients with intermittent claudication. Antiplatelet agents are effective in reducing the risk of cardiovascular events
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that teaching critical appraisal skills to health professionals improves patient outcomes and care processes.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that albumin reduces mortality in critically ill patients. In fact, a large multicenter trial showed that albumin was associated with increased mortality in critically ill patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that maintaining low haemoglobin thresholds during erythrocyte transfusion reduces mortality or morbidity in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium-channel blockers in the treatment of tardive dyskinesia. The current evidence is limited to case reports and small case series
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Valproic acid is a drug that is used to treat epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It has also been studied
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Progesterone is used to support the luteal phase in women undergoing assisted reproductive technology. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of progester
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of combination pain therapy for people with inflammatory arthritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether pharmacologic treatments are effective for memory disorder in patients with multiple sclerosis
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Matched sibling donor transplantation is more effective than no donor for adults with acute lymphoblastic leukemia in first complete remission.
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: Allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation is effective and safe for treating severe transfusion-dependent ß-thalassemia . The only curative treatment for severe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of statins on menstrual regularity and ovulation in women with polycystic ovary syndrome is un
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Home-based asthma education is more effective than standard care for children with asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that stenting is more effective than angioplasty alone for subclavian artery stenosis. However, stenting is often preferred over ang
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at informal caregivers of stroke survivors in improving their caregiving experience. However, there is evidence that interventions aimed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The transtheoretical model (TTM) is a behavior change model that describes the stages of change in the process of adopting healthy behaviors. It suggests that individuals progress through a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on rTMS for tinnitus is limited and the results are inconsistent. Some studies have shown that r
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. EGFR inhibitors have not been studied in ovarian cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ACE inhibitors or angiotensin receptor blockers in patients with early chronic kidney disease who do not have diabetes. However,
SUPPORTED. Natalizumab is effective in reducing relapses and disability in patients with relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis. Natalizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The optimal duration of antibiotic therapy for hospital-acquired pneumonia in critically ill adults is not well established. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that there was
SUPPORTED. Vitamin A supplementation for mothers or infants reduces infant mortality and morbidity in low and middle income countries. Vitamin A supplementation for pregnant women and infants has been shown to reduce infant mort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that treating neonatal hyperglycemia in very low birth weight infants improves clinical outcomes. The current research has shown that neon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017 found that zinc supplementation did not reduce the incidence of pneumonia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding oral lactoferrin to antibiotics improves outcomes for neonates with sepsis or NEC. However, there is insufficient evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral lactoferrin in the prevention of sepsis in preterm neonates. A systematic review by Al-Ganmi
SUPPORTED. Intravenous paracetamol is effective for treating postoperative pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common medical condition that develops or is first recognized during pregnancy. The diagnosis of GDM is based on the results of a gl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium supplementation during pregnancy to improve maternal and fetal outcomes. The effect of calcium supplementation on the risk of pre-e
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tocolysis in women with preterm premature rupture of membranes. The use of tocolytic agents in women with pre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The clinical research on this question is insufficient. The current research shows that the combination of inhaled corticosteroids and long-acting beta-agonists is more effective than
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vitamin A supplementation in term neonates is not recommended in developing countries. However, vitamin A supplementation in preterm neonates is recommended in developing countries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  assessed the efficacy and safety of IPTp with
SUPPORTED. Induced hypothermia is effective for protecting the brain during surgery.
REFUTED. Iron supplementation does not increase the risk of malaria or death in children. Iron supplementation in children living in malaria-endemic areas is safe and effective in reducing iron deficiency and anemia .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Glucagon-like peptide analogues are effective in improving blood sugar control in type 2 diabetes. Glucagon-like peptide analogues are effective in improving blood sugar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of non-pharmacological interventions in managing acute pain in infants and young children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Azithromycin is not more effective than other antibiotics for treating uncomplicated enteric fever. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of azithromycin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Pulmonary rehabilitation after COPD exacerbations reduces future hospital admissions and improves patient outcomes. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support or refute the hypothesis that thiazide diuretics reduce the risk of hip fracture in adults. A systematic review of randomized controlled
SUPPORTED. (Anemia is a common complication of HIV infection and AIDS. Treatment of anemia in HIV-infected patients with AIDS has been shown to improve outcomes in terms of quality of
REFUTED. The use of fluoroquinolones for the treatment of enteric fever is not supported by clinical research. The WHO recommends the use of ciprofloxacin for the treatment of enter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pentoxifylline in the treatment of neonatal sepsis and NEC. A Cochrane review published in 20
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Pharmacological therapy and pacemaker implantation are effective for treating vasovagal or carotid sinus syncope.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the claim that taking antihypertensive medication in the evening improves health outcomes compared to taking it in the morning. The time of day of taking ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that granulocyte transfusions improve survival in neutropenic septic neonates. However, there is also no evidence that granulocyte transf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The evidence from the current research suggests that exposure to tobacco advertising increases the likelihood that nonsmoking adolescents will start smoking .
SUPPORTED. Graduated driver licensing (GDL) is a system of licensure that involves a series of steps before a full license is obtained. It is designed to limit exposure to high-risk driving conditions. Studies
SUPPORTED. Regular exercise improves health outcomes in adults with chronic kidney disease. Exercise is safe and feasible in patients with chronic kidney disease and has been shown to improve physical function, quality of life, and card
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend postoperative chemotherapy for patients with high-risk endometrial cancer. However, the evidence for this
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical research) Iron deficiency anaemia in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and perinatal outcomes. Iron supplementation in pregnancy has been shown to reduce the risk of an
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Decision aids help people make better treatment or screening choices. Decision aids are tools designed to help people make informed choices about health care options. They typically include information about the pros and cons of different options
REFUTED. There is no evidence that albumin reduces mortality in critically ill patients. In fact, a large multicenter trial showed that albumin was associated with increased mortality in critically ill patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that vitamin A supplementation reduces the risk of chronic lung disease in very low birthweight infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral corticosteroids in the treatment of cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence to support the use of oral cortic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question. Blinding of assessors is an important aspect of study design and can help to reduce bias in the assessment of outcomes. However, the impact of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review of 12 studies found that social marketing interventions increased HIV/STI testing among men who have sex with men and transgender women . Another systematic review of 11
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Family-based prevention programs have been shown to reduce alcohol misuse in school-aged children. A systematic review of 12 studies found that family-based programs were effective in reducing alcohol mis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Foam wound dressings are effective for healing foot ulcers in people with diabetes. Foam dressings are effective in reducing the time to heal venous ulcers, but there is insufficient evidence
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Hydrogel wound dressings are more effective than other types of dressings for healing foot ulcers in people with diabetes .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled corticosteroids in combination with tiotropium and long-acting beta(2)-agonists
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the route of corticosteroid administration affects maternal and neonatal health outcomes. The current research has not provided enough information to support or refute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support or refute this question. However, there is evidence that home fortification of foods with micronutrient powders improves nutritional status in children
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral single dose analgesics are effective in relieving acute postoperative pain in adults. The analgesic effect of a single dose of oral analgesic is immediate and last
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the timing of closure affects the healing of traumatic wounds. The timing of closure of traumatic wounds is still controversial. Some studies suggest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review of rTMS in ALS showed that there is no clear evidence of the effectiveness of rTMS in A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that actively screening contacts of tuberculosis patients improves case detection rates. However, there is evidence that active case finding can increase the detection of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of financial incentives on the quality of care is controversial. A systematic review of 10 studies found that financial incentives
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-term blood transfusions to reduce chronic chest complications in sickle cell disease.
SUPPORTED. Virtual reality and interactive video gaming can improve motor function after a stroke .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . A systematic review and meta-analysis of 13 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,724 participants showed that weight-reducing diets were associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Anthracycline-induced cardiotoxicity is a dose-dependent complication of anthracycline chemotherapy. The incidence of cardiotoxicity is 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that repairing buildings damaged by dampness and mould helps reduce respiratory symptoms and infections. However, there is evidence that living in damp buildings is associated with an
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Acupuncture is effective for treating pain in endometriosis. Acupuncture has been shown to be effective in reducing pain in women with endometriosis. A systematic review and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of acupuncture for autism spectrum disorders found that the evidence was insufficient to support
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that behavioral interventions, including peer education, group education, and individual counseling, were effective in promoting
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2016 included 11 RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of policy interventions to regulate the emigration of health professionals from low- and middle-income countries. However, there is some evidence that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical anaesthetic eye drops in infants during ROP screening. The use of topical anaesthetic eye drops in inf
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Neurosurgical interventions are effective for treating trigeminal neuralgia. The most common neurosurgical interventions for trigeminal neuralgia are microvascular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics for the prevention of acute upper respiratory tract infections. The Cochrane review of 2013 included
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether specialised antenatal clinics improve outcomes for women at high risk of preterm delivery compared to standard clinics.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that managerial supervision of health workers improves the quality of primary healthcare in low- and middle-income countries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Latent autoimmune diabetes in adults (LADA) is a form of autoimmune diabetes that is characterized by progressive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Oral contraceptives are not recommended for the treatment of functional ovarian cysts. However, they may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 10 non-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pressure-relieving interventions for treating pressure ulcers on the heel. However, the use of pressure-relieving interventions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that maintaining serum glucose within a specific normal range in the first 24 hours of acute ischaemic stroke improves patient outcomes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in improving outcomes for opioid detoxification when combined with pharmacological treatments.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Reminder packaging can improve medication adherence for patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence that cord drainage reduces the length of the third stage of labour
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Antibiotic therapy is effective for treating Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea. Antibiotics are the most common cause of Clostridium diff
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The stapling technique for ileocolic anastomoses is associated with fewer complications than the handsewn technique . The stapling technique is associated with a lower rate of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current study showed that the body weight of preterm infants at the time of transfer to unheated open cots was not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the association between combination contraceptive use and weight gain. The effect of contraceptive use on weight gain is complex and depends on the type of
SUPPORTED. Terazosin improves urinary symptoms in men with benign prostatic obstruction .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that treating heavy vaginal ureaplasma colonisation in pregnant women with antibiotics reduces the risk of preterm birth
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Clotting factor concentrate prophylaxis is effective in managing hemophilia A or B. Clotting factor concentrate prophylaxis is effective in reducing the frequency of bleeding episodes
REFUTED. There is no evidence that antihistamines or decongestants are effective in treating children with otitis media with effusion. (evidence-based medicine: systematic review of randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Tamsulosin is a α1-adrenoceptor antagonist that has been shown to improve urinary symptoms in men with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) . A systematic review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of dietary advice on weight and body composition in adults with disease-related malnutrition.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of distal diuretics in preterm infants with chronic lung disease. A Cochrane review published in 2019 included
RELIABLE: (supported). Depot bromperidol is more effective than placebo for treating schizophrenia. The efficacy of depot bromperidol in treating schizophrenia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mechanical bowel preparation in reducing complications during colorectal surgery. However, there is evidence that it may cause adverse effects such as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of loop diuretics in preterm infants with chronic lung disease. However, there is evidence that loop diuretics may be beneficial
SUPPORTED. (effective) Counselling is effective for patients with mental health problems in primary care.
SUPPORTED: (Yes) . Corticosteroids have been shown to improve outcomes in acute ischaemic stroke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that checking reference lists is an effective method for finding relevant studies. However, it is a recommended practice in systematic reviews.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of topical steroids in chronic rhinosinusitis without nasal polyps is not well established. However
SUPPORTED. Antiretroviral therapy (ART) reduces the risk of HIV transmission to uninfected partners. The risk of HIV transmission to an uninfected partner is reduced by 96% with AR
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that newborn screening for homocystinuria provides clinical benefits compared to later diagnosis. The benefits of newborn screening for homocystin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that routine abdominal drainage after gast
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend the use of fluconazole for the treatment of HIV-infected women with vul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of antiepileptic drugs in adults with brain tumours is not supported by clinical trials. However, there are some
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether surgical or non-surgical management of first- and second-degree perineal tears during childbirth is more effective in improving patient-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that early removal of central venous catheters in neonates with bloodstream infections reduces morbidity and mortality. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of antifungal therapy in treating chronic rhinosinusitis is still controversial. A systematic review of randomized
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that psychosocial interventions are effective for treating premature ejaculation. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current standard of care for patients with unfavorable disease is escalated BEACOPP chemotherapy, but the optimal treatment
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Post-dural puncture headache (PDPH) is a common complication of lumbar puncture and spinal anesthesia. The incidence of PDPH is 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2018 showed that acupuncture could
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Optimal primary cytoreductive surgery improves survival for women with advanced epithelial ovarian cancer. The current evidence suggests that optimal primary cytoreductive surgery impro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend the use of statins for the treatment of acute ischemic stroke and transient ische
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of a long GnRHa protocol over
SUPPORTED. Music interventions can help improve symptoms in cancer patients.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Aripiprazole is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to placebo. Aripiprazole is a third-generation antipsychotic that is effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sildenafil is a phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitor that is used to treat pulmonary hypertension in adults. However,
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Brief interventions are effective in reducing alcohol consumption in heavy users admitted to hospitals.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Karpelow et al.  showed that there is no clear evidence that prophylactic antibiotics
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aspirin is a commonly used medication for the prevention of cardiovascular disease. However, there is no clear evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2016 found no evidence that hyperbaric
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that oral substitution treatment for opioid-dependent injecting drug users reduces the risk of HIV infection. The evidence suggests that opioid substitution treatment may increase the risk of HIV infection
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of antispasmodics and antidepressants in the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the benefits of incubator care are similar to those of kangaroo mother care. However, there is evidence that kangaroo
SUPPORTED. Psychological interventions improve outcomes for patients with coronary heart disease. Psychological interventions, such as cognitive behavioral therapy, relaxation therapy, and psychodynamic therapy, have been shown to improve outcomes for patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that omega-3 supplementation
EFFECTIVE: Anticoagulant therapy is effective for treating cerebral venous sinus thrombosis . Anticoagulant therapy is the standard treatment for cerebral venous sinus thromb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that local opinion leaders improve professional practice and patient outcomes. The concept of opinion leader is a social influence concept that has been used in various fields, including
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Financial incentives have been shown to improve healthcare professional behavior in some cases. For example, financial incentives have been found to increase the use of evidence-based practices, improve adherence to clinical guidelines, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the use of feedback or biofeedback in pelvic floor muscle training for women with urinary incontinence.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of acupuncture or acupressure to reduce pain during labor. However, there is some evidence to suggest that acupuncture may
SUPPORTED. Home-based end of life care can help more patients die at home instead of in the hospital. A systematic review of 10 studies found that home-based end of life care can help more patients die at
SUPPORTED. . Reducing dietary salt intake has been shown to reduce blood pressure and subsequently reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and mortality.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aromatherapy is not recommended for pain management in labour.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether low-dose rate brachytherapy is beneficial compared to other treatments for local
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by the Cochrane Collaboration in 2015  compared the outcomes of immediate versus delayed breast reconstruction
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that botulinum toxin injections were associated with a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the use of intratympanic steroids in the treatment of Ménière's disease. Intratympanic steroids have been studied in the
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 studies (10 articles) comparing the outcomes of endothelial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of LMA surfactant in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. The LISA trial (Lung
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Chinese herbal medicines in lowering cholesterol levels. However, there are some studies that suggest that certain Chinese herbal medicines
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. TPO receptor agonists are effective and safe for treating chronic ITP.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intranasal ipratropium bromide for the treatment of rhinorrhoea in people with the common cold.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The question is too broad and there are many different types of intervention strategies that could be used to improve childhood immunization coverage. Some examples of
SUPPORTED. (The rapid diagnostic tests are effective for detecting malaria in people with symptoms.)
SUPPORTED. Optical coherence tomography (OCT) is a non-invasive imaging technique that uses near-infrared light to measure the thickness of the retina. It is a useful tool
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of antidepressants for the treatment of functional gastrointestinal disorders in children and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of anticonvulsants in the treatment of chronic tinnitus. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral rinses and mouthwashes to improve recovery after tonsillectomy. However, there is some evidence that suggests that chlorhex
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of telehealthcare in improving outcomes for patients with COPD compared to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
SUPPORTED. Self-management education can improve health outcomes for patients with cystic fibrosis and their caregivers. (The Cochrane review of self-management education in cystic fibrosis found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of fluid restriction in extremely low birth weight infants receiving indomethacin prophylaxis.
SUPPORTED. Mind-body interventions such as yoga, tai chi, and meditation have been shown to be effective in reducing anxiety in pregnant women. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of intra-aortic balloon pump (IABP) in patients with cardiogenic shock due to acute myocardial infarction is controversial.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that early refeeding in children with acute diarrhoea poses a higher risk of complications compared to late refeeding. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxytocin in slow progress of labour to reduce the rate of caesarean sections. The Cochrane review by Chin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal blood pressure for pregnant women is still controversial. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no systematic review of the effectiveness and safety of Chinese herbal medicine for ectopic pregnancy. However, there are some clinical studies that have shown that Chinese herbal medicine can improve the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Comprehensive geriatric assessment (CGA) is a multidimensional, interdisciplinary diagnostic instrument used to assess the medical, psychosocial, and functional status of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effect of hormonal contraceptives on the risk of fractures in women is still controversial. Some studies have shown that the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of oral steroids in patients with multiple nasal polyps is controversial. Some studies have shown that oral steroids can improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of one treatment method over another for children with endemic Burkitt lymphoma. The current treatment for endemic Burkitt lymph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Koh et al.  compared the efficacy of single-injection axillary block with multiple-
SUPPORTED. Antiretroviral regimens effectively reduce the risk of mother-to-child transmission of HIV. The use of antiretroviral drugs during pregnancy and childbirth can significantly reduce the risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of radioisotopes to relieve pain in patients with bone metastases.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of integration strategies for primary health care services in low- and middle-income countries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of wound dressings to prevent surgical site infections in healing surgical wounds. However, there is evidence that wound dressings can reduce the risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of written asthma self-management plans to improve treatment adherence and outcomes. However, there is some evidence that they may improve patient knowledge
REFUTED. The effect of dietary fat on cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk has been extensively studied. The most recent and largest randomized controlled trial (RCT) on this topic is the PURE study
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The meningococcal serogroup C conjugate vaccine is effective in preventing meningitis and septicaemia. The meningococcal serogroup C conjug
SUPPORTED. Exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation is effective in improving health outcomes for patients with coronary heart disease. Exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation has been shown to reduce cardiovascular risk factors,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on the use of beta2-agonists in acute bronchitis showed that beta2-
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Community-based interventions are effective in preventing young people from starting to smoke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of interventions to prevent lower limb soft-tissue injuries in runners.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for symptomatic oral lichen planus. The current treatment options are mainly symptomatic and include topical corticosteroids, topical immunomod
SUPPORTED. Exercise can help prevent bone loss in postmenopausal women. Exercise can help prevent bone loss in postmenopausal women. Aerobic exercise and resistance training have been shown to improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of specialised diets for women with multiple pregnancies and their babies. The current recommendation is to follow a balanced diet that meets the nutritional
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that integrating perinatal HIV prevention measures with other healthcare services improves service uptake.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in the clinical outcomes between short-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hysteroscopic metroplasty in women with septate uterus and recurrent miscarriage. A systematic review by Z
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that any drug is effective in treating DIC in patients with leukemia. However, there is evidence that anticoagulants may be effective in treating D
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Pharmacological interventions are effective and safe for treating alcohol withdrawal.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of admission tests other than cardiotocography in preventing adverse perinatal outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that routine abdominal drainage after liver trans
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence in the literature that bonded molar tubes are less effective than molar bands in orthodontic treatment. The choice of molar attachment type should be based
REFUTED. The ACCORD study showed that intensive glycaemic control in type 2 diabetes patients with macrovascular disease or risk factors did not reduce overall mortality but increased mortality from cardiovascular causes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best method for secondary alveolar bone grafting. The choice of method depends on the surgeon's preference, the size and location of the defect, and the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that interagency collaboration between local health and government agencies improves health outcomes.
SUPPORTED. Amphetamines are effective in reducing ADHD symptoms in adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The systematic review of randomized controlled trials of Chinese herbal medicine for diabetic peripheral neuropathy included 11 studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of supportive interventions to improve the health of caregivers of terminally ill patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the superiority of computer assisted surgery over traditional methods for knee ligament reconstruction.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the role of male circumcision in preventing HIV acquisition in men who have sex with men.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (Yes, training can improve consumers' ability to find and use online health information.)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nitric oxide donors for cervical ripening or induction of labour. The Cochrane review on this topic included
SUPPORTED. (early statin treatments improve outcomes for patients with acute coronary syndromes) . Statins are effective in reducing the risk of recurrent cardiovascular events in patients with acute coronary synd
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether certain staffing models in aged care are associated with better outcomes for patients and staff. The current research does not provide sufficient information to determine whether certain staffing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral anticoagulants in cancer patients without a therapeutic indication. However, there is evidence that oral anticoagulants are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of oxygen therapy to relieve dyspnoea in mildly or non-hypoxaemic people with COPD.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Antipsychotic medications have a clear effect on early episode schizophrenia spectrum disorders. The use of antipsychotic medications is the cornerstone of treatment for sch
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of peritoneal drainage compared to laparotomy for treating perforated NEC or SIP in preterm infants. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Mooren's ulcer is a rare disease with no effective treatment. The current treatment is mainly symptomatic treatment, such as local steroid hormone ointment, local anest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-clinical interventions to reduce unnecessary caesarean sections.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether topical local anaesthetics are effective for pain relief in dermal l
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not effective for treating bronchiolitis. Antibiotics are not recommended for the treatment of bronchiolitis in children. A Cochrane review of 11 trials with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the impact of provider training and experience on the outcomes of people living with HIV/AIDS. However, it
SUPPORTED. (beneficial for babies at risk of preterm birth) . Repeat doses of prenatal corticosteroids are beneficial for babies at risk of preterm birth. They reduce the risk of resp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cardioprotective agents to prevent heart damage in cancer patients treated with anthracyclines.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Scopolamine is effective in preventing motion sickness compared to placebo .
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence). Psychoeducational interventions improve outcomes for patients with schizophrenia compared to standard knowledge provision.
REFUTED. The use of GnRH antagonists in COS protocols has been shown to reduce the incidence of OHSS in comparison to long agonist protocols . The use of GnR
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Propylthiouracil is a thionamide antithyroid drug used to treat hyperthyroidism. It has been reported that propylthiouracil can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that platinum-based chemotherapy improves survival in patients with locally advanced bladder cancer. However, it is difficult to draw a conclusion because there is no clear
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of ultrasound therapy in the treatment of acute ankle sprains. The current research does not support the use of ultrasound therapy in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing progestogens with placebo or no treatment for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that antithrombotic treatment
SUPPORTED. Antiretroviral therapy in HIV-infected individuals reduces the risk of transmission to their uninfected partners. The risk of transmission is reduced by 96% when the HIV-infect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of universal school-based prevention programs in reducing alcohol misuse in school-aged children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effects of folic acid on outcomes for individuals with fragile X
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of topical nasal steroids for treating nasal polyps in people with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of systemic antibiotics in chronic rhinosinusitis is still controversial. A systematic review of randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (not enough information). There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear optimal treatment for valvular heart disease in pregnancy to improve outcomes for mothers and their babies. The treatment of valvular heart disease in pregnancy is based on the severity
SUPPORTED. Motivational interviewing is a counseling method that aims to help people explore and resolve their ambivalence about changing their behavior, such as substance abuse. It has been shown to be effective in reducing substance abuse
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the timing of dornase alfa inhalation affects clinical outcomes in people with cystic fibrosis. The optimal timing of d
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic surgery for colectomy is safe and effective. Laparoscopic surgery for colectomy is associated with less blood loss, shorter hospital stay, and lower com
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of acupuncture for traumatic brain injury (TBI
LABEL: SUPPORTED. . Botulinum toxin is effective in treating sialorrhea in motor neuron disease. Botulinum toxin is effective in reducing drooling in patients with motor
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. High flow nasal cannulae is a safe and effective respiratory support for preterm infants. High flow nasal cannulae (HFNC) is a non
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether including methotrexate in treatment improves outcomes for children and young adults with high-grade osteosarcoma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of workplace interventions for people with occupational asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2013  included 11 RCTs with a total of 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of exercise to reduce hot flushes and night sweats in menopausal women. However, exercise has been shown to improve quality of life and
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The pylorus-preserving pancreaticoduodenectomy (PPPD) is a surgical procedure used to treat pancreatic cancer. It involves the removal
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Exercise is effective in helping adults with ACL injuries return to their pre-injury activity levels. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
SUPPORTED. Mental practice is a form of motor imagery, which is a type of mental rehearsal of a motor task without any physical movement. It has been shown to improve motor function in stroke patients. A systematic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that different generations of progestogens in combined oral contraceptives affect continuation rates and side effects.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing short infusion (3 h or less) with long inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether the timing of surgery during the menstrual cycle affects survival in premenopausal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vasopressors in patients with shock. The use of vasopressors in patients with shock is controversial and depends on the underlying cause of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-acting beta(2)-agonists over anti-leukotrienes for asthma patients on in
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 17 studies found that interventions aimed at women were effective in increasing cervical cancer screening uptake . The review found that interventions that included patient navigation,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The PDE(4) inhibitors have been studied in COPD patients, but the results are inconsistent. Some studies have shown
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of radiotherapy as an alternative to surgery for early vulvar cancer. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the use of radiotherapy as an
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (yes). GnRH antagonists are effective for controlled ovarian hyperstimulation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that inhaling steam can treat the common cold. The common cold is a viral infection and antibiotics are not effective in treating it. Steam inhalation is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cernilton is a herbal medicine that has been used in the treatment of BPH. However, there is currently insufficient evidence to support the use of Cernilton in the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that treating trichomoniasis during pregnancy improves pregnancy outcomes. However, there is evidence that trichomoniasis during pregnancy is associated with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ankle supports to prevent sprains in active individuals. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence that ankle braces or supports
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Randomisation and proper allocation concealment are important components of the design of a clinical trial. Randomisation is the process of assigning participants to different groups in a trial. It is important to ensure that the groups
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The literature review did not find any relevant studies that addressed this question. However, it is important to note that user fees can have a significant impact
SUPPORTED. Gemcitabine is an effective treatment for advanced bladder cancer .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Phyllanthus is a plant that has been used for centuries in traditional medicine to treat various diseases, including hepatitis. However, the effectiveness of phyllanthus for treating chronic he
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that progestin-only contraceptives lead to significant weight gain. The effect of progestin-only contraceptives on weight
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Community-wide interventions have been shown to increase physical activity levels in the population .
REFUTED. There is no evidence that surgical treatment improves urinary incontinence after prostate surgery. The surgical treatment of prostate cancer is associated with a high risk of urinary incontinence. The risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the benefit of pre-treatment surgical assessment of para-aortic lymph nodes in women with locally advanced cervical cancer. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that treating obstructive sleep apnoea in children can help resolve chronic cough. However, there is evidence that children with obstructive sleep ap
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Workplace interventions are effective for relieving neck pain in adult workers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacological treatments for ADHD in children with tic disorders. The current research has not provided enough information to support the use of pharmac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. There is no randomized controlled trial or cohort study. The safety
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of acupuncture for ADHD in children and adolescents
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends vitamin A supplementation for children with measles to prevent blindness, but
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that ultra-radical surgery is more effective than standard surgery for advanced ovarian cancer. However, the current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effect of carbohydrates on cognitive function in older adults is not clear. Some studies have shown that consuming a high-carbohydrate diet may improve cognitive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of parenteral anticoagulants to improve survival in patients with cancer. The use of parenteral anticoagulants
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Koh et al. 2018 1 found that there is no randomized controlled trial (R
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of osmotic diuretics in patients with cerebral malaria. A Cochrane review in 2015 found no
LABEL: REFUTED. The recombinant human activated protein C (rhAPC) was previously used to treat severe sepsis or septic shock. However, the results of the clinical trials showed that the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no clinical research on the effect of competitions and incentives on long-term smoking cessation rates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence of the effectiveness of chemoradiation for locally advanced vulval cancer compared to surgery. However, there is evidence that chemoradiation is effective for locally advanced anal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is based on one randomized controlled trial (RCT) with a small sample size (n = 100
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of pressure-relieving support surfaces has been shown to reduce the incidence of pressure ulcers in high-risk patients .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Naltrexone is effective in reducing relapse rates in opioid addicts after detoxification. The effectiveness of naltrexone in reducing relapse rates in opio
SUPPORTED. Assertive Community Treatment (ACT) is a community-based intervention that has been shown to be effective in managing care for individuals with severe mental illness (SMI) . The approach involves a multidiscipl
SUPPORTED. Carotid endarterectomy (CEA) is the standard of care for patients with symptomatic carotid stenosis. The benefit of CEA over medical management alone is well established by the
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The evidence suggests that folic acid supplementation before pregnancy and in the early weeks of pregnancy can prevent most NTDs . The evidence also suggests that folic acid supplementation in the pericon
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Behavioral interventions for young women have been shown to effectively promote safer sexual behaviors to prevent STIs and cervical cancer. A systematic review of 14 studies found that behavioral
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review (2016)  included 11 RCTs with 1146 participants
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based) Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is more effective than other psychological therapies for people with schizophrenia. CBT is a type of psychosocial intervention
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of GABA agonist drugs in the treatment of tardive dyskinesia in patients with schizoph
SUPPORTED. Case management is a type of community-based care that has been shown to be effective in improving the quality of life and reducing hospitalization rates for people with severe mental illness (SMI) in the community . Case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of other pharmacological agents for Guillain-Barré syndrome.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Oral cholera vaccines are effective in preventing cholera cases and deaths. The vaccine is safe and effective in preventing cholera in adults and children over 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of tiotropium in combination with inhaled corticosteroids and long-acting beta(2)-agonists is more effective than the use of tiotropium
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of pharyngeal instillation of surfactant before the first breath in preterm infants at risk of respir
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intratympanic gentamicin is not recommended for treating vertigo in Ménière's disease.
REFUTED. There is no effective antitoxin for botulism. The only effective treatment is supportive care, including mechanical ventilation, antimicrobials, and antipyretics.
REFUTED. Duxil is not effective for treating dementia. In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, Duxil did not significantly improve the cognitive function of patients with Al
SUPPORTED. Gabapentin is effective in relieving chronic neuropathic pain .
SUPPORTED. The hepatitis B vaccine is effective in preventing hepatitis B infection in infants. The vaccine is safe and effective in pregnant women and their infants. The vaccine is recommended for all infants, regardless
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of TEG or ROTEM guided transfusion in patients with severe bleeding. The use of TEG or ROTEM to guide trans
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether the herpes zoster vaccine can help prevent postherpetic neuralgia. The current research on the effectiveness of the herpes zoster
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic repair of ventral or incisional hernia is safe and effective. It is associated with lower postoperative pain, shorter hospital stay, and earlier return to work
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Antioxidant supplements have been studied in patients with liver diseases, but the results are inconclusive. Some studies have
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence supports the use of chemotherapy for treating malignant germ cell ovarian cancers in adult women. The standard treatment for malignant germ cell ovarian cancers in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that notification and support for patients exposed to the risk of CJD or vCJD is effective. However, it is important to provide information and support to patients who
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that oral mefenamic acid was effective for treating acute post
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the use of celiac plexus neurolysis for the treatment of pain in pancreat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing chemotherapy wafers with other treatments for high-grade gli
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Propofol is effective and safe for sedation or anaesthesia in neonates. Propofol is a widely used sedative and anaesthetic agent in neon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al. 2019 1 found that multi-component interventions can improve the quality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Convergence insufficiency is a binocular vision disorder in which the eyes fail to converge adequately at near. It is a common condition, affecting approximately 10%
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy and safety of viral vaccines in patients with hematological malignancies are not well understood. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support vision screening interventions for older drivers to prevent road traffic injuries and fatalities.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of dopamine agonists is supported by clinical research for the treatment of restless legs syndrome. The first-line treatment for restless legs syndrome is dopaminergic agents
SUPPORTED. Artesunate is more effective than quinine for treating severe malaria .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the use of progesterone for threatened miscarriage included 11 trials with 1,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics in the prevention of severe NEC and sepsis in preterm infants. The current evidence is conflicting and the quality
SUPPORTED. Gabapentin is effective for managing neuropathic pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of selective CB1 receptor antagonists for smoking cessation. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of cannabinoid receptor
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. There are effective treatments for rosacea. The treatment of rosacea depends on the type of rosacea and the severity of the disease. The treatment of rosacea includes top
SUPPORTED. Parenting programmes have been shown to improve outcomes for teenage parents and their children. A systematic review of 13 studies found that parenting programmes improved parenting skills, parent-child relationships, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Kangaroo mother care (KMC) is a cost-effective and safe intervention for low birthweight infants that can reduce mortality and morbidity, improve growth, and promote breastfeeding .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of one technique of tonsillectomy over the other in terms of morbidity. The choice of the technique of tonsillectomy should
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that delaying the introduction of enteral feeds reduces the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in very low birth weight infants. The
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. (evidence) Anti-fibrinolytic drugs reduce blood loss and the need for blood transfusion during surgery. Anti-fibrinolytic drugs, such as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotics to reduce the risk of active trachoma and Chlamydia trachomatis infection. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 2015  showed that there is no evidence to support the use of decongest
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical research)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-term antibiotics to prevent recurrent urinary tract infections in children. The use of long-term antibiotics to prevent
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that slow advancement of enteral feed volumes reduces the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in very low birth weight infants. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of population-based biomedical STI interventions in reducing the incidence of HIV infection.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Inhaled antibiotics improve lung function and reduce infection exacerbations in people with cystic fibrosis. Inhaled antibiotics are effective in reducing the rate of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of outreach respiratory health care worker programmes in improving the quality of life of COPD patients. A systematic review by Liu et al
SUPPORTED. (evidence from 10 RCTs, 1886 patients) Colloid solutions are more effective than crystalloid solutions for fluid resuscitation in critically ill patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that reducing dietary sodium improves asthma control. A study by Tong et al.  found that a low-sodium
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the association between biologics and higher rates of adverse effects in patients with various conditions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that providing general physical health advice improves the health outcomes of people with serious mental illness.
SUPPORTED. High-dose chemotherapy followed by autologous stem cell transplantation is effective for treating soft tissue sarcomas .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Antidepressants are not recommended for the treatment of agitation and psychosis in older adults with dementia. However, ant
SUPPORTED. (moderate). The evidence suggests that spinal manipulative therapy is effective for treating chronic low-back pain. However, the evidence is of low quality and the effect size is small.
SUPPORTED. . Low-fat diets effectively reduce cholesterol levels in people with acquired hypercholesterolaemia. The effect of low-fat diets on cholesterol levels has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of treatments for postpolio syndrome in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The results of a randomized controlled trial (RCT) showed that edaravone did not improve the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Certolizumab pegol is a TNF-α inhibitor that is used to treat rheumatoid arthritis. It is given as a subcutaneous injection
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The ERAS Society has published a systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of ERAS in colorectal surgery in 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that oral fenoprofen is effective for treating acute postoperative pain. However, there is no
SUPPORTED. Educational interventions are effective in reducing the use of physical restraints in older people in long-term care. Educational interventions can be effective in reducing the use of physical restraints in older people in long
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Lifestyle intervention improves health factors in women with PCOS.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The effectiveness of surgical treatment in Bell's palsy is controversial. However, there is evidence that surgical decompression of the facial nerve may be effective in treating Bell's p
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that the prevalence of depression in patients with multiple sclerosis is higher than that in the general
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The addition of radiotherapy to chemotherapy improves outcomes for patients with early stage Hodgkin lymphoma. The addition of radiotherapy to chemotherapy for early stage Hodg
REFUTED. Acetylcholinesterase inhibitors are not effective for treating myasthenia gravis. The use of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors in the treatment of myasthenia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different strategies for withdrawing NCPAP in preterm infants affect their overall health outcomes. The current research has not provided enough information to support or ref
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Psychological interventions improve health-related quality of life in patients with inflammatory bowel disease. Psychological interventions have been shown to improve health-related quality of life in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment for ulnar neuropathy at the elbow. The treatment of ulnar neuropathy at the elbow is challenging and depends on the severity
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulized epinephrine in children with croup. The current evidence is based on a single randomized controlled trial with a small
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of nicotine receptor partial agonists, such as varenicline and bupropion, has been shown to increase the likelihood of quitting smoking compared to place
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The Whipple operation and pylorus-preserving pancreaticoduodenectomy have similar survival rates for pancreatic cancer. However, the Whipple
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Lamotrigine is a drug used to treat epilepsy and bipolar disorder. It is not currently approved for the treatment of pain. However, there is some evidence that lam
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Phosphate binders effectively lower phosphorus levels in people with chronic kidney disease. Phosphate binders are effective in lowering serum phosphate levels in patients with chronic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Vestibular rehabilitation is effective for treating unilateral peripheral vestibular dysfunction. Vestibular rehabilitation is a set of exercises that can improve the symptoms
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence of a difference in the number of oocytes retrieved,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to prove that Chinese medicinal herbs are effective for short-term remission of advanced gastric cancer. However, there are some studies that have shown that Chinese
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Organophosphorus pesticide poisoning is a common poisoning in China. The main clinical manifestations are respiratory depression, convulsions, and coma. The main treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of self-expanding metal stent insertion for relieving dysphagia in patients with oesophageal cancer. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of rFVIIa in patients without haemophilia is not recommended.
SUPPORTED. Creatine supplementation improves muscle strength in patients with neuromuscular disorders .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that increasing fluid intake helps improve symptoms of acute respiratory infections. However, there is evidence that dehydration is associated with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Compulsory community treatment is a controversial topic in mental health care. The effectiveness of compulsory community treatment in improving outcomes for people with severe mental illness is not well established. Some studies have
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The Cochrane review of 2013  showed that behavioral interventions can help people quit using smokeless tobacco. The review included 12 trials with a total of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing hMG and rFSH for
SUPPORTED. Continuous support during labor is associated with a lower risk of cesarean delivery, lower risk of fetal acidosis, lower risk of postpartum depression, and higher satisfaction with childbirth experience.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of modifications to the home environment in reducing injuries caused by environmental hazards.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: B) The Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome (LEMS) is a rare autoimmune disease characterized by progressive muscle weakness and fatigue. The pathophysi
SUPPORTED. Proton pump inhibitors are effective in healing oesophagitis .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the safety of electrocoagulation compared to other methods of tubal occlusion. The safety of electrocoagulation is comparable to the safety of other methods
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The use of GnRH antagonists in COS protocols has been shown to reduce the incidence of OHSS in comparison to long agonist protocols . The use of GnR
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychological interventions are effective in improving symptoms and quality of life in patients with non-ulcer dyspepsia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that eradicating H. pylori improves symptoms in patients with non-ulcer dyspepsia. The current evidence is conflicting
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend that patients with non-ulcer dyspepsia should be treated with acid-suppressive drugs only if
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Intermittent pneumatic compression is a mechanical method that can increase blood flow and reduce venous stasis. It is often used to prevent deep vein thrombosis in patients under
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of zinc in the treatment of the common cold. However, zinc supplementation may be beneficial in reducing the duration of symptoms when given within
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Naltrexone is a competitive antagonist of the μ-opioid receptor and is effective in reducing alcohol consumption in alcoholics. It has also been shown to reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of intravenous fluids to prevent severe OHSS in IVF or ICSI cycles. The current evidence is limited to a
LABEL: SUPPORTED. LCPUFA supplementation is beneficial for preterm infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin D supplementation to improve pregnancy outcomes. However, vitamin D deficiency is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018 found that there was not enough evidence to support the use of vitamin E to
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Discrepancies between clinical trial reports and their protocols are common. The discrepancies are usually found in the primary outcome, eligibility criteria, and interventions. The discrep
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Baclofen is effective and safe for treating alcohol withdrawal syndrome . Baclofen is a gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) B receptor agonist that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of sperm washing to prevent HIV transmission in sero-discordant couples. However, there is also insufficient evidence to refute the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vitamin K is an essential nutrient that is required for the synthesis of coagulation factors II, VII, IX, and X. Vitamin K deficiency can lead to coag
SUPPORTED. (evidence) 5-ASA agents are effective for maintaining surgically-induced remission in Crohn's disease. 5-ASA agents are effective in maintaining remission in patients with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that progesterone did not improve the functional outcome of patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of foot orthoses for the management of patellofemoral pain in adults. The current evidence is conflicting and the quality of the studies is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
EFFECTIVE: Interventions aimed at improving adherence to antiepileptic medications show effectiveness. The effectiveness of interventions to improve adherence to antiepileptic medications has been demonstrated in several studies. A
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Felbamate is effective as an add-on treatment for refractory partial-onset epilepsy . The efficacy of felbamate as an add-on treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The piggy-back method of liver transplantation is a surgical technique in which the donor's liver is transplanted into the recipient's abdomen, with the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is no evidence of the effectiveness of botulinum to
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Water-based exercises can reduce disability after a stroke.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Cilostazol is more effective than aspirin for preventing stroke in high-risk patients. Cilostazol is a phosphodiesterase 3 inhibitor that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether a GnRH agonist is effective for triggering final oocyte mat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is a systematic review that has shown that surgical interventions are effective in treating high grade vulval intraepit
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective in reducing period pain in primary dysmenorrhoea .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is mainly focused on the effect of heated gas insufflation on the incidence of postoperative ileus.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cisapride is not recommended for the treatment of constipation and IBS. Cisapride is a prokinetic agent that is no longer available for clinical use in the United
EFFECTIVE: Acupuncture is effective for relieving cancer-related pain in adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tocolytics in reducing the need for manual removal of the placenta in cases of retained placenta. However, the use of tocolytics
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions in reducing sexual risk behaviors to prevent HIV among homeless youth.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Mechanical chest compression devices are effective for improving survival after cardiac arrest.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that the endonasal approach to DCR is less successful than the external approach. The choice of approach is based on the surgeon's preference and experience.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of anti-inflammatory drugs for treating obstructive sleep apnea in children is not supported by the current clinical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cycled lighting to improve growth in preterm infants. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal duration of intravenous antibiotic therapy in treating chest exacerphorations in cystic fibrosis is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of parenteral anticoagulants to improve survival in patients with cancer. The use of parenteral anticoagulants
SUPPORTED. Anthracyclines are the most effective chemotherapy agents for childhood cancer. They are used in the treatment of many types of childhood cancer, including leukemia, lymphoma, and solid tum
SUPPORTED. Risperidone is effective in treating schizophrenia. It has similar efficacy to other atypical antipsychotics. However, it has a higher risk of extrapyramidal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of exit interview strategies in reducing turnover rates among healthcare professionals. However, the current research suggests that exit interviews can provide valuable feedback and insights into the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. . Cognitive training has been shown to improve cognitive function in older adults. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 112 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that cognitive training can improve
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The physical healthcare environment can have psychological effects on healthcare personnel.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of steroids in traumatic optic neuropathy. A Cochrane review in 2017  included 10 studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, there are some studies that have shown that the use of opioid analgesics can delay the diagnosis of acute
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Carbamazepine is effective for managing chronic neuropathic pain. Carbamazepine is a first-line treatment for trigeminal neuralgia and postherpet
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of medical interventions in managing traumatic hyphema. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The combination of mifepristone and misoprostol is effective for second trimester abortion. The combination of mifepristone and misoprostol is more effective than
SUPPORTED. (clopidogrel reduces cardiovascular events in high-risk patients). The use of clopidogrel in addition to aspirin has been shown to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antifibrinolytic drugs in trauma patients. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled corticosteroids in infants with bronchiolitis to prevent post-bronchiolitic wheezing.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the association between GERD and chronic cough. The relationship between GERD and cough is complex and bidirectional. GERD can cause cough,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The use of the intra-aortic balloon pump (IABP) in high-risk patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) does not reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics in the treatment of acute exacerbations of COPD. The use of antibiotics in acute exacerb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of enteral tube feeding in people with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis in terms of survival and nutritional status.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Trigeminal neuralgia (TN) is a chronic neuropathic pain disorder characterized by brief, shock-like, recurrent episodes of severe pain in the face, usually
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question. The effectiveness of low-dose estrogen contraceptives is not well studied. However, there is evidence that low-dose est
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that bile acids have harmful effects for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The PAIR method is not recommended for the treatment of uncomplicated hepatic hydatid cysts. The WHO
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the most effective antibiotic regimen for treating urinary tract infections during pregnancy. The choice of antibiotic regimen should be based on the patient
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Glucocorticoids are effective in treating children with croup.
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. (evidence) Anti-fibrinolytic drugs reduce blood loss and the need for blood transfusion during surgery. Anti-fibrinolytic drugs, such as
SUPPORTED. Mammographic screening for breast cancer reduces mortality .
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Traditional suburethral slings are effective for treating stress urinary incontinence compared to other options. The traditional suburethral slings are considered the gold standard for the surgical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effectiveness and safety of acellular pertussis vaccines compared to whole-cell vaccines for children are not well studied.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective for helping people quit smoking. Acupuncture is effective for smoking cessation in both short-term and long-term follow-ups. Acupuncture is effective for
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (Yes, it is important to improve methods for assessing health equity in clinical evaluations.) Health equity is a critical issue in clinical research. It refers to the absence of systematic differences in health outcomes or in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of pre-employment health examinations in preventing occupational injuries and diseases.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Aminosalicylates are effective for treating mildly to moderately active Crohn's disease. Aminosalicylates are effective in inducing and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effect of vitamin A supplementation on mortality in children aged 6 months to 5 years is inconclusive. A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials showed that vitamin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
REFUTED. PRO 140 is a monoclonal antibody that binds to the CD4 receptor on the surface of T cells. It was developed as a potential treatment for HIV-1 infection by blocking
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The role of vitamin D in the pathogenesis of multiple sclerosis (MS) is still unclear. Some
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support the use of statins for treating multiple sclerosis. However, there is some evidence that statins may have a protective effect against the development of multiple
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of second-generation antipsychotic drugs in the treatment of OCD is not recommended. However, there is a
REFUTED. There is no evidence that second-generation antipsychotic drugs are effective in treating major depressive disorder. The use of second-generation antipsychotic drugs in the treatment of major depressive disorder
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: De-escalation of antimicrobial treatment is effective for patients with sepsis .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that hormone therapy improves survival in patients with advanced or recurrent endometrial cancer. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute this hypothesis.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that decongestants, antihistamines, or nasal irrigation are effective treatments for children with acute sinusitis. Antibiotics are not recommended for children with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Lamotrigine is effective for treating refractory primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Preconception care is defined as care provided to women before pregnancy to optimize health and prevent unintended pregnancies. Preconception care is important for women with pre-existing diabetes to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic antibiotics during labor for meconium-stained amniotic fluid to prevent maternal and neonatal in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The results of the studies are inconsistent. Some studies have shown that ginseng can improve cognitive performance in healthy individuals and those
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Macrolides are not recommended for the treatment of diffuse panbronchiolitis.
SUPPORTED. The transversus abdominis plane block reduces pain after abdominal surgery .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of treatments for inhalant dependence or abuse. The current research is mainly focused on prevention and treatment of inhalant use disorders.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of increasing the dose of inhaled corticosteroids during asthma exacerbations. However, there is evidence that increasing the dose
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant supplements to improve lung function in cystic fibrosis. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of music intervention to reduce anxiety and improve physiological responses in mechanically ventilated patients.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Hydroxyzine is effective in treating acute symptoms of generalized anxiety disorder compared to placebo. A meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs
SUPPORTED. . Reducing salt intake lowers blood pressure in diabetic patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no high-quality evidence to support the use of high-dose chemotherapy with stem cell rescue in children with metastatic rhabdomyosarcoma. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that switching antipsychotic medications can help reduce weight gain in people with schizophrenia. However, there is some evidence that switching from
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that adjusting the pH of lidocaine reduces pain during injections. The current research on this topic is limited and the results are inconclusive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that there was no significant difference in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of consultation letters in treating patients with medically unexplained physical symptoms.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral anticoagulants in cancer patients without a therapeutic indication. However, there is evidence that oral anticoagulants are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al. 2019 1 showed that there is no significant difference in overall survival between
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of sound-creating devices in managing tinnitus in adults. The effectiveness of sound-creating devices in managing tinnitus in adults
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The physical healthcare environment can have psychological effects on healthcare personnel.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of nicotine receptor partial agonists, such as varenicline and bupropion, has been shown to increase the likelihood of quitting smoking compared to place
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017 found that zinc supplementation had no effect on the incidence of pneum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is conflicting. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that systemic cortic
REFUTED. Antibiotic prophylaxis is not beneficial for patients undergoing elective laparoscopic cholecystectomy. The use of antibiotic prophylaxis in patients undergoing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of quinine for the treatment of muscle cramps. A systematic review published in 2013 included 11 randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of one mode of powered toothbrushing over another for reducing plaque and improving gum health.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. However, there is evidence that efavirenz is as effective as nevirapine for maintenance HIV treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that pharmacological or nutritional treatments improve exercise performance and quality of life in McArdle disease. However, there is some evidence that exercise training improves exercise
SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials) Antiviral agents are more effective than other treatments for acute herpes simplex virus epithelial keratitis. The use of antiviral agents such
EFFECTIVE: Sublingual immunotherapy is effective for treating allergic rhinitis .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing altered fractionation radiotherapy with standard fractionation radiotherapy in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bronchodilators in infants with acute bronchiolitis. The use of bronchodilators in infants with acute bron
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review (2016)  included 11 RCTs with 1146 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inhaled nitric oxide is used in preterm infants with respiratory disease to improve pulmonary function and reduce the need for mechanical ventilation. However, the evidence for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the best treatment for proximal humeral fractures. The best treatment for proximal humeral fractures is still controversial. The treatment options include non
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the use of methylxanthines for the prevention of apnoea in preterm infants included
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic methylxanthine treatment to improve the chances of successful extubation in preterm infants. The current evidence is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of magnesium sulphate in the treatment of eclampsia. The current evidence is based on observational studies and case series. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of family psychosocial interventions in reducing relapses in people with schizophrenia. However, there is evidence that family interventions
SUPPORTED: (yes) . Vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy has been shown to improve maternal and newborn health outcomes. Vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy has been shown to reduce maternal and neonatal mort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence in the literature that long intravenous lines are more effective than short intravenous lines for delivering antibiotics in cystic fibrosis patients. However, long
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether a GnRH agonist is effective for triggering final oocyte mat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether paracetamol is effective for treating acute migraine headaches.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Milrinone is not recommended for the treatment of persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness and safety of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of community-based intervention packages in reducing maternal and neonatal morbidity and mortality. However, there is evidence that community-based
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. (evidence level: B) The use of analgesia effectively reduces pain during outpatient hysteroscopy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of deferasirox in the treatment of iron overload in myelodysplastic syndrome. The use of deferasirox in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Probiotics are not recommended for the treatment of persistent diarrhoea in children. However, probiotics are recommended for the prevention of antibiotic-associated diarrho
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Clozapine is more effective than other atypical antipsychotics for treating schizophrenia. Clozapine is the most effective antipsychotic medication for treating sch
SUPPORTED. Radical prostatectomy is the standard of care for patients with localized prostate cancer. Radical prostatectomy has been shown to improve overall survival and reduce the risk of prostate cancer-specific
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that patients should be given information about their surgeon's performance before elective surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the best instrument for assist
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  included 11 RCTs with 10,13
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. . Speed cameras are effective in reducing road traffic injuries and deaths.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no clear evidence that stage-based interventions are more effective than non-stage-based interventions. However, there is also no
SUPPORTED. (evidence that screening methods can reduce oral cancer mortality) . Screening methods such as visual examination, brush biopsy, and oral rinse with brush biopsy can detect oral cancer at an
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The current evidence supports the effectiveness of interventions in preventing and treating oral candidiasis in people with HIV. The use of antifungal agents such as nystatin, ketocon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The use of altered radiation fraction sizes is not recommended in the guidelines of the National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of volume-targeted ventilation to reduce death and bronchopulmonary dysplasia in newborn infants compared to pressure-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of cytotoxic drugs and interferons in the treatment of CIDP is not recommended. However, the
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Probiotics are effective in reducing the duration of acute infectious diarrhoea in children and adults . The effect of probiotics on the severity of acute infectious
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend prophylactic mastectomy for women at high risk for breast cancer. However, proph
SUPPORTED. Proton pump inhibitors are more effective than H2-receptor antagonists for treating heartburn in adults . Proton pump inhibitors are more effective than H2-receptor antagonists for treating
SUPPORTED: (Yes) Vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy is supported by the current clinical research. Vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy has been shown to improve maternal and newborn health outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that pneumococcal vaccination helps prevent exacerbations in COPD patients. However, pneumococcal vaccination is recommended
SUPPORTED. Mass media interventions can help prevent smoking in young people. The Cochrane review of the effectiveness of mass media interventions to prevent smoking in young people found that mass media interventions can reduce smoking initiation in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of soft vacuum extractor cups compared to rigid cups for difficult deliveries. The Cochrane review by Kamarupa et al. (2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vacuum extraction over forceps for assisted delivery. The choice of instrument should be based on the individual circumstances of each case and the skill and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Magnesium sulphate is effective in preventing eclampsia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct evidence comparing the effectiveness of tenofovir and zidovudine in resource-limited settings. However, there is evidence that tenofovir is more effective than
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different classes of antibiotics provide similar benefits for women undergoing caesarean section.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  showed that the incidence of postoperative complications was significantly lower in patients who
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the effectiveness of multidisciplinary care for Guillain-Barré syndrome is needed.
NOT ENOUGHT INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that surgery improves shoulder function in patients with osteoarthritis who do not respond to medication. However, there is also no evidence that surgery is not effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of microbial sealants before surgery to reduce the risk of surgical site infections. The use of microbial sealants before surgery is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that hyperbaric oxygen therapy improves the healing of ac
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Ibuprofen is effective for treating acute migraine headaches. Ibuprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSA
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 studies and found no evidence that adjuvant antibiotics
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have shown that folate supplementation before and during early pregnancy reduces the risk of neural tube defects. A meta-analysis of 26 R
SUPPORTED. Intensive Case Management (ICM) is a type of community-based mental health treatment that involves frequent (e.g., weekly) visits to clients in their homes or other community settings, with the goal of
SUPPORTED. Levomepromazine is effective for treating schizophrenia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral anti-diabetic agents in pregnant women with diabetes or a history of gestational diabetes.
EFFECTIVE: Telehealthcare interventions are effective for improving health outcomes in people with asthma. Telehealthcare interventions have been shown to improve asthma control, quality of life, and reduce the use of health
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of oral budesonide for induction of remission in patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the position of the baby after birth affects the outcomes for the baby and mother. The current research does not provide enough information to support or refute this question
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of increasing the dose of inhaled corticosteroids during asthma exacerbations. However, there is evidence that increasing the dose
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy and safety of intravitreal anti-VEGF agents for treating macular edema in central retinal ve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Vitamin D supplementation improves bone density in healthy children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2016 found that there was insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether absorbable materials are a better option than metal clips for occluding the cystic duct during laparoscopic cholecyst
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in the remission rate of ul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Zotepine is a second-generation antipsychotic drug that is used to treat schizophrenia. It has a unique mechanism of action, as it is a pot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chromoscopy during colon examinations. Chromoscopy is a technique that involves the use of a chromoscope, a type of magn
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Finasteride is effective in reducing the risk of acute urinary retention and the need for surgery in men with benign prostatic hyperplasia. Finasteride is also effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines do not recommend interval debulking surgery for advanced ovarian cancer. However, the guidelines do not specifically
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of postpartum maternal vitamin A supplementation to improve maternal and infant health. However, vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. Symphysiotomy is a surgical procedure in which the symphysis pubis is cut and separated. It is an alternative to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2019 included 11 RCTs with 1026 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al. 2018 1 showed that self-management education can improve the knowledge of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of self-management education on health outcomes for adults with epilepsy. A systematic review of 10 studies found that self-management education inter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. . Speed cameras are effective in reducing road traffic injuries and deaths.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Penicillin is the first choice for treating GABHS tonsillopharyngitis. However, if penicillin is not available, clindamycin or vancomy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the optimal rehabilitation strategy after flexor tendon injuries in the hand. The current literature is limited to small case series and case reports. The rehabilitation protocol
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Autologous chondrocyte implantation is effective for treating knee cartilage defects. The effectiveness of autologous chondrocyte implantation is supported by several
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Topical steroids are effective treatments for bullous pemphigoid.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Opiates are effective in treating neonatal abstinence syndrome compared to sedatives or non-pharmacological treatments. The use of opiates in the treatment of ne
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Sedatives are effective and safe for treating neonatal abstinence syndrome due to opiate withdrawal. Sedatives are effective in reducing the symptoms of neonatal abstinence syndrome
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of restrictive transfusion thresholds in patients with SCD. The Cochrane review by Kwiatkowski et al.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that an oral vaccine for H. influenzae can help reduce recurrent episodes in chronic bronchitis. The evidence is insufficient to support the use of oral H
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic surgery offers advantages over conventional surgery for treating acute appendicitis. Laparoscopic appendectomy is associated with shorter hospital stay, lower postoperative pain, and lower rates
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hip protectors to prevent hip fractures in older people after a fall. The use of hip protectors is not recommended in the current guidelines.
SUPPORTED. Hypnotherapy is effective for helping people quit smoking.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Vaginal misoprostol is effective for cervical ripening or induction of labour. The WHO recommends misoprostol for cervical ripening and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. The WHO recommends a minimum of eight antenatal care visits for all pregnant women, including low-risk women. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of magnesium sulphate for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. PFAPA syndrome is a rare disease, and the number of patients is limited. The diagnosis of PFAPA syndrome
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Peripartum cardiomyopathy (PPCM) is a rare, life-threatening form of dilated cardiomyopathy that occurs in the last month of pregnancy or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
REFUTED. The current clinical research does not support the effectiveness of surgical interventions and adjuncts in treating keratocystic odontogenic tumors.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a respiratory function monitor during neonatal resuscitation. The use of a respiratory function monitor during neonatal resusc
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Formoterol is effective and safe as a reliever therapy for asthma compared to short-acting beta(2)-agonists. Formoterol is a long-acting beta
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that antidepressants were not effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of routine utero-placental Doppler ultrasound in women at risk for hypertensive complications. The current evidence is conflicting
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the use of botulinum toxin for the treatment of shoulder pain.
SUPPORTED. Non-invasive brain stimulation techniques effectively reduce chronic pain. The most commonly used non-invasive brain stimulation techniques are transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), transcranial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine the most effective and least harmful antibiotic for treating asymptomatic bacteriuria in pregnancy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that any treatment is effective for osteoarthritis of the big toe joint. However, there is some evidence that weight loss and physical therapy may be effective for o
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based medicine: systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) or meta-analyses)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no specific treatment for borderline ovarian tumours. The treatment of borderline ovarian tumours is based on the stage of the disease and the risk of recurrence.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2019  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The maintenance therapy for ovarian cancer is still controversial. The maintenance therapy with bevacizumab or cediran
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Opioids are effective for pain relief during labor. A Cochrane review of 12 trials with 1,100 women found that parenteral opio
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of routine vaginal dilation therapy during or after pelvic radiotherapy to improve outcomes for patients. However, there is evidence that supports the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Stem cell transplantation is a promising treatment for ischemic stroke, but the current evidence is insufficient to support its use in clinical practice. There are several ongoing clinical trials evaluating
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Internet-based interventions can help people quit smoking. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that Internet-based interventions can help people quit smoking
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oestrogens for the prevention or treatment of pelvic organ prolapse. However, there is some evidence that oestrogen therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical evidence to support the use of bicarbonate solutions over lactate solutions in acute peritoneal dialysis for patients with acute kidney injury.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Breast engorgement is a common condition in postpartum women. It is characterized by an increase in the size and firmness of the breasts due to the accumulation of milk in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of punctal plugs for the treatment of dry eye syndrome. However, there is some evidence that they may be helpful in certain situations, such as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of red blood cell transfusion in adults with upper gastrointestinal haemorrhage. The current evidence is limited
SUPPORTED. Interactive computer-based interventions are effective for promoting sexual health.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical trials on the effectiveness of octreotide for treating chylothorax in neonates are still ongoing.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that chemotherapy improves survival in patients with oral cavity and oropharyngeal cancers. However, the use of chemotherapy in these patients is still
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the definition of success. The success rate of immediate implants is similar to that of delayed implants. The survival rate of immediate implants is higher than that of delayed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of heparin and related substances in the prevention of diabetic kidney disease. However, there are ongoing clinical trials to evaluate the effic
SUPPORTED. Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is effective in managing tinnitus symptoms . CBT is a type of psychotherapy that focuses on changing negative thought patterns and behaviours related to tinnit
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1 quasi-experimental study showed that interventions that included reminders, education, and financial incentives
SUPPORTED. . Hand hygiene is a fundamental measure to prevent the spread of pathogens in health care settings. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends hand hygiene as one of the most important measures
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-hormonal therapies for the reduction of hot flushes in women with a history of breast cancer. The current evidence is based on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of 2017 concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of immunoglob
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  included 11 RCTs with a total of 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of bacterial meningitis. However, the use of corticosteroids in bacterial meningitis
SUPPORTED. Acamprosate is an effective treatment for alcohol dependence . Acamprosate is a non-opioid derivative that modulates the neurotransmitter γ-aminobutyric acid (
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Surgical treatment is more effective than non-surgical treatment for acute Achilles tendon ruptures.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that dipyrone is effective in relieving acute postoperative pain, but the evidence is insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-steroid agents in the treatment of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. The use of non-steroid agents in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium sulphate is the first-line treatment for eclampsia. There is no evidence that lytic cocktail is more effective than magnesium sulphate for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that the use of IIb/IIIa blockers improves outcomes during PCI or in patients with NSTEACS. The use of IIb/IIIa blockers in patients with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of surgical techniques for adults with faecal incontinence. The current literature is limited to small studies with short-term follow-up.
SUPPORTED. LMWH is as effective as UFH for treating venous thromboembolism . LMWH is preferred over UFH because of its predictable anticoagulant effect, fewer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 2015 included 11 RCTs with 2,473 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the choice of intramedullary nails or extramedullary implants for treating extracapsular hip fractures. The choice of implants depends on the sur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that care in an alternative birth environment leads to better outcomes for pregnant women compared to conventional settings.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, it is known that restrictions on medication reimbursement can lead to unintended consequences, such as increased health
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of d4T over AZT in first-line HIV treatment in low-resource settings. However, d4T is associated with more ad
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of outreach strategies in increasing health insurance coverage for eligible children.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Spironolactone is an aldosterone antagonist that has been shown to lower blood pressure in patients with hypertension. The mechanism of action of spironolactone
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best treatment for osteochondral defects of the talus in adults. The treatment options include non-operative treatment, arthroscopic de
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that pharmacological interventions are effective for treating antisocial personality disorder. The current research evidence is insufficient to support the use of pharmacological interventions for treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is currently no gene therapy approved for the treatment of sickle cell disease. However, there are ongoing clinical trials evaluating the safety and efficacy of gene therapy in patients with sickle
REFUTED. Statins are not effective in treating dementia. The use of statins in the treatment of dementia is not supported by clinical evidence. A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials showed that statins
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2019  included 11 studies (n = 1001) and found
REFUTED. There is no difference in pain and function between surgical and conservative treatment for acromioclavicular dislocations in adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium sulphate is the only drug recommended for the treatment of eclampsia. However, there is insufficient evidence to recommend an alternative regimen for administering magnesium
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of osmotic dilation as a more effective method for cervical preparation before second-trimester abortion compared to prostaglandins alone
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preventive strategies for mastitis to increase breastfeeding duration. However, there is evidence that early detection and treatment of mastitis can improve breast
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of structured telephone support and telemonitoring in improving outcomes for patients with chronic heart failure.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Antibiotics are effective in treating Shigella dysentery .
Eflornithine and NECT are effective treatments for second-stage sleeping sickness .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the optimal
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Hydralazine lowers blood pressure in patients with primary hypertension compared to placebo. Hydralazine is a first-generation vasodilator that has been used for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of recombinant FVIIa in the treatment of acute bleeding in people with haemophilia and
REFUTED. Noninvasive positive pressure ventilation is not superior to invasive ventilation in intubated adults. In fact, noninvasive ventilation is associated with increased mortality in intubated patients .
SUPPORTED. Calcium channel blockers are effective as first-line therapy for reducing major cardiovascular events compared to other antihypertensive drugs. The CCBs are effective in reducing BP and major card
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that heroin-assisted treatment (HAT) is effective in reducing illicit heroin use and improving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Bell's palsy is a common form of facial paralysis. The most common cause of Bell's palsy is reactivation of the varicella-zoster
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for oral mucositis in cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy or radiotherapy. However, there are several interventions that can be used to manage the symptoms of oral
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of physical methods in reducing the risk of DVT in patients with recent stroke.
SUPPORTED. Aerobic exercise is safe and beneficial for adults living with HIV.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tyrosine is a precursor of catecholamines and melanin. Phenylketonuria (PKU) is a rare autosomal recess
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of routine Doppler ultrasound in low-risk pregnancies. The current research has not provided enough information to support the use of routine Dop
SUPPORTED. Allergen specific immunotherapy (AIT) is an effective treatment for allergic asthma . AIT is a long-term treatment that involves repeated administration of increasing doses of a specific allergen
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of calcium supplementation in the prevention of pre-eclampsia and related complications. The Cochrane review of 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotics in women with PROM before 37 weeks of gestation. The current evidence is limited to small observ
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The oral cholera vaccine (OCV) is effective in preventing cholera and death. The first OCV was licensed in 1981 and was developed by Japanese researchers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of hormonal contraceptives in preventing unplanned pregnancies for overweight and obese women. The effectiveness of hormonal contracept
SUPPORTED. Tocilizumab is effective in treating rheumatoid arthritis. Tocilizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to the interle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the type of synchronized ventilation affects the risk of bronchopulmonary dysplasia in neonates. A systematic review by Alhab
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Tranexamic acid is effective in preventing postpartum haemorrhage .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Alpha-1 antitrypsin augmentation therapy is effective in treating patients with alpha-1 antitrypsin deficiency and lung disease. The therapy is associated with a significant reduction
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the superiority of palliative surgery over medical management for bowel obstruction in women with ovarian cancer. However, the choice of treatment should be
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Hypothyroidism in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Treatment of hypothyroidism in pregnancy with levothyroxine is associated with improved mater
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing HDR and LDR brach
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Circuit class therapy is a form of exercise therapy that involves a series of exercises performed in a circuit format, where participants move from one exercise station to the next in a set order. It has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adherence compounds in embryo transfer media to improve live birth rates in assisted reproductive technologies. The current evidence is limited
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Active management of the third stage of labour reduces the risk of severe haemorrhage .
SUPPORTED. (moderate). The current evidence suggests that combining psychological therapy and pharmacotherapy is more effective than using either alone in the treatment of PTSD.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Screening for gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is associated with a reduction in adverse maternal and neonatal outcomes. A Cochrane review of 14
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cardiac rehabilitation is effective in increasing patient uptake.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antihistamines in combination with nasal steroids for the treatment of allergic rhinitis in children. The use of ant
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Lumiracoxib is effective for managing moderate to severe postoperative pain. Lumiracoxib is a selective cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Music therapy has been shown to improve rehabilitation outcomes for people with acquired brain injury. Music therapy can be used as an adjunct to conventional rehabilitation to improve motor function, cognitive function
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The use of drugs such as amantadine, methylphenidate, and modafinil is supported for the treatment of cancer-related fatigue .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the effectiveness of orthodontic intervention in the treatment of temporomandibular disorders.
SUPPORTED. Home-based HIV voluntary counselling and testing increases the uptake of HIV testing . Home-based HIV testing is a promising strategy to increase the uptake of HIV testing. It is a flexible and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of low molecular weight heparin and 5-Fluorouracil to prevent proliferative vitreoretinopathy after retinal
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . Statins are effective and safe for children with familial hypercholesterolemia. The use of statins in children with familial hypercholesterolemia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend the use of proton pump inhibitors before endoscopy for upper gastrointestinal bleeding.
REFUTED. The use of antibiotics in the treatment of Mycoplasma pneumoniae pneumonia is not effective. The use of macrolides can prolong the course of the disease and increase the risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that feeding preterm infants multinutrient fortified breast milk improves their growth after hospital discharge. The current research has shown that mult
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of herbal medicines in patients with viral myocarditis. However, there is a lack of clinical trials on the use of herbal
EFFECTIVE: Current treatments for melasma are effective.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, it is generally accepted that enteral nutrition is more effective than parenteral nutrition for children with cancer undergoing chemotherapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sympathectomy is a surgical procedure that involves the removal of part of the sympathetic nervous system. It has been used as a treatment for various conditions, including pain. In the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inhaled nitric oxide is not recommended for routine use in patients with acute hypoxaemic respiratory failure. However, it may be considered in patients with acute hyp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of preoperative smoking interventions in reducing complications after surgery. However, there is evidence that smoking cessation interventions can reduce postoper
SUPPORTED. Behavioural therapy is effective for managing chronic low-back pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are several antifungal agents that are used to treat oral candidiasis in cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of measures to reduce house dust mite exposure in the management of allergic rhinitis.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Graduated compression stockings are effective in preventing deep vein thrombosis in hospitalized patients.
SUPPORTED. Influenza vaccines reduce symptoms and working days lost in healthy adults. Influenza vaccines reduce the risk of developing influenza by 40% to 60% and reduce the risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium sulphate is the only drug recommended to prevent preterm birth at present. However, the evidence for magnesium sulphate is not strong enough to support its use in
SUPPORTED. Outpatient pharmacists can improve patient care outcomes.
REFUTED. The use of prophylactic indomethacin in preterm infants has been extensively studied, and the results of these studies have not shown a significant reduction in mortality and morbidity.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016 found that there was insufficient evidence to determine whether bed rest in hospital
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin A, zinc, and cotrimoxazole in reducing diarrhoea-related mortality in children with HIV. However
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Enhanced recovery programmes (ERP) are a multimodal perioperative care approach that aims to reduce the length of hospital stay and improve the recovery of patients undergoing major
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: Daclizumab is effective and safe for treating relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis . Daclizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical research on the efficacy of glucocorticoid with cyclophosphamide in the treatment of paraquat-induced lung fibrosis.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Sapropterin dihydrochloride is a safe and effective adjunctive treatment for hyperphenylalaninemia in patients with phenylketonuria
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. External root resorption is a physiologic process that occurs during tooth eruption and is self-limiting. There is no evidence that any intervention can stop or reverse this
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Parent training interventions improve the parenting skills of individuals with intellectual disabilities. Parent training interventions are effective in improving the parenting skills of individuals with intellectual disabilities.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The results of the meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials showed that secondary surgical cytoreduction combined with chemotherapy was more effective than chemotherapy alone for women with
SUPPORTED. Anticoagulation is effective for treating deep vein thrombosis in pregnancy .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether there is an ideal position for mothers during caesarean section that improves outcomes. The current literature is limited to observational studies and case series.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Staying active provides better outcomes than bed rest for patients with acute low-back pain. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Topical NSAIDs are effective in relieving pain in acute musculoskeletal conditions. Topical NSAIDs are effective in relieving pain in acute musculos
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that interventions to improve human excreta disposal help prevent diarrhoeal diseases. However, there is evidence that interventions to improve water quality and sanitation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that inhaled oxygen improves outcomes for patients with acute myocardial infarction. However, there is also no evidence that inhaled oxygen wors
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different techniques of intrauterine fetal blood transfusion have varying benefits and harms for women with red-cell alloimmunisation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends the use of copper-containing IUDs and levonorgestrel-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials comparing teicoplanin with vancomycin for the treatment of infections in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. BMPs are a group of growth factors that are part of the transforming growth factor-β (TGF-β) superfamily. They play a crucial role in bone and cartil
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (not enough information). There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is no optimal second-line antiretroviral regimen for patients with HIV who fail first-line therapy. The choice of second-line regimen depends on the resistance profile of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of meditation as a treatment for ADHD.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review on this topic was published in 2017 and concluded that there is not enough evidence to support the use of sensory
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of human growth hormone in adults with short bowel syndrome. A systematic review published in 2012 included 11 studies, of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of radiosurgery in addition to whole brain radiation therapy for patients with brain metastases. The use of radiosurgery in addition to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of repeat digital cervical assessment during pregnancy to reduce the risk of preterm birth. The Cochrane systematic review by Kamil et al.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Borderline personality disorder (BPD) is a psychiatric disorder characterized by instability of emotions, relationships, and self-image. The mainstay of treatment for BPD is psych
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Creatine is a natural compound that is found in the body and is also available as a dietary supplement. It is thought to be beneficial for neurons because it can help to maintain energy levels
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise interventions can improve upper-limb function in women undergoing breast cancer treatment.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Peri-implantitis is a chronic inflammatory disease affecting implant supporting tissues. The treatment of peri-implantitis is based on mechanical debridement of the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment for non-surgically-acquired cellulitis. The treatment of cellulitis is based on the severity of the infection. Antibiot
SUPPORTED. Concurrent chemoradiotherapy improves survival and tumor control compared to radiotherapy alone .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intravenous immunoglobulin is effective for treating Guillain-Barré syndrome. Intravenous immunoglobulin is a blood product that contains
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, it is not recommended to insert an IUD immediately after an abortion due to the risk of infection and expulsion of the I
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that cementing hip prostheses improves post-operative pain and mobility. However, cementing may increase the risk of dislocation and infection.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vasopressin and tranexamic acid to reduce blood loss during cervical surgery. However, there is evidence that tranex
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no superior surgical technique for treating cervical intraepithelial neoplasia. The choice of surgical technique depends on the size and grade of the lesion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Ultrasound treatment can help heal venous leg ulcers .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of additional social support programs in preventing low birthweight or preterm births in high-risk pregnant women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that different suture materials affect pain and recovery after perineal repair. The current literature is not sufficient to make a clear statement on this topic.
SUPPORTED. Rotavirus vaccines are effective in preventing rotavirus diarrhoea in children. Rotavirus vaccines have been shown to be effective in preventing rotavirus diarrhoea in children in multiple studies and meta-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of caffeine to prevent injuries in people with jet lag or shift work disorder.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Gabapentin is not recommended for the treatment of acute postoperative pain. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of gabapentin for the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of iron supplementation in reducing breath-holding attacks in children. However, there is some evidence that iron deficiency may be associated with breath-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  compared the incidence of surgical site infections after vein graft harvesting
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that singing improves the quality of life for people with cystic fibrosis.
EFFECTIVE: (supported) . Embolisation therapy is effective for treating pulmonary arteriovenous malformations. Embolisation therapy is a minimally invasive procedure that involves the use of a cathe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of inhaled combination therapy compared to tiotropium for treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The choice between phakic intraocular lenses and excimer laser surgery for correcting moderate to high myopia depends
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence for the effectiveness of therapeutic interventions for children with AIDS-associated leiomyoma and leiomyosarcoma. However, the current literature
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of endotherapies for the treatment of Barrett's oesophagus with early neoplasias. The current guidelines recommend surgery as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The current evidence supports the use of chemotherapy in the treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer. The National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) guidelines recommend chemotherapy as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral lactoferrin in the prevention of sepsis in preterm neonates. A systematic review by Al-Ganmi
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Standardized weaning protocols reduce the duration of mechanical ventilation in critically ill adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Interventions to improve healthcare professionals' adoption of shared decision making have been shown to be effective in improving knowledge, attitudes, and skills in shared decision making.
EFFECTIVE: (supported) . Enzyme replacement therapy is effective for treating Anderson-Fabry disease. The enzyme replacement therapy is effective in reducing the symptoms and complications of Anderson-Fabry disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that involving an indigenous healthcare worker in asthma education improves outcomes for indigenous patients. However, there is evidence that culturally appropriate
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of surgical procedures for chronic anal fistula in reducing recurrence and incontinence rates. The current research has shown that the recurrence rate of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Adding long-acting inhaled beta-agonists to inhaled corticosteroids improves asthma control in patients not well managed on corticosteroids alone.
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . Aerobic exercise training is effective and safe for adults with Down syndrome. Aerobic exercise training can improve cardiorespiratory fitness, muscle strength, and functional
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of action plans for the management of COPD exacerbations. However, there is some evidence that they may be useful in the management of ast
SUPPORTED. A stroke liaison worker can improve outcomes for stroke patients. A stroke liaison worker is a health professional who provides information, support, and guidance to stroke patients and their families during the hospitalization and re
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that different anthracycline derivatives cause varying levels of cardiotoxicity in cancer patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the association between periodontal disease and glycaemic control in people with diabetes. The current research has shown that periodontal disease is associated with diabetes
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Glatiramer acetate is effective for treating relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis. Glatiramer acetate is a synthetic polypeptide that is similar
SUPPORTED. Drug-eluting stents reduce the risk of cardiac events compared to bare metal stents. The use of drug-eluting stents (DES) has been shown to reduce the risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, the results of a systematic review showed that the combination of Chinese herbal medicines and conventional drugs was more effective than conventional drugs
SUPPORTED. Exercise can improve mental health for people with schizophrenia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Methotrexate is not recommended for the treatment of primary biliary cirrhosis. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of methotrexate in patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is insufficient evidence to determine whether tissue adhesives are as effective as
REFUTED. The MAGIC trial (n = 503) compared chemotherapy (cisplatin 100 mg/m2 day 1, 5-fluorouracil 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on radiotherapy for neovascular age-related macular degeneration is still in the exploratory stage, and
SUPPORTED. Orientation and mobility training improves travel independence for adults with low vision .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of thickened feeds in reducing symptoms of gastro-esophageal reflux in infants. The current research has not provided enough
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of medications in treating acute heterotopic ossification.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The insertion of IUDs in the immediate postpartum period is not recommended due to the risk of expulsion and perfor
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) reduce rebleeding in patients with peptic ulcer bleeding. The use of PPIs in patients with peptic ulcer bleeding has been shown to
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Thromboprophylaxis reduces the incidence of venous thromboembolic disease in at-risk pregnant women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of patient education in preventing foot ulcers in people with diabetes. However, there is evidence that patient education can improve knowledge and self-care behaviors in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that autologous vein is more effective than synthetic materials for femoro-popliteal bypass surgery. The choice of conduit material is based on the
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Speech and language therapy is effective for treating aphasia after a stroke. A systematic review of 13 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that speech and language therapy is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aerosolized ribavirin is not recommended for the treatment of infants and children with RSV infections. However
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Strategies such as using a recruitment specialist, providing financial incentives, and using a multicenter approach can improve participant recruitment in clinical trials.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the idea that preconception advice improves the chances of a live birth for individuals facing infertility. However, it is important to note that this is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant supplementation to prevent kwashiorkor in children. The current research has not provided enough evidence to support the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current evidence is limited to observational studies. The results are contradictory. Some studies suggest that planned home care is safe,
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Triptans are effective for treating cluster headaches. Triptans are a class of 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) receptor agonists that have
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Aspirin is effective for treating acute migraine headaches. Aspirin is effective for treating acute migraine headaches. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no standard treatment for primary non-metastatic squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. Treatment options include surgery, radiation therapy, chemotherapy, and immunotherapy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Inhaled NSAIDs are not recommended for the management of bronchiectasis in children and adults.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Chlorpromazine is effective for treating agitation or aggression in psychosis. Chlorpromazine is effective for treating agitation or aggression in psychosis. The efficacy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in the efficacy of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that providing high feedback during prenatal ultrasound reduces maternal anxiety compared to low feedback.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of in-service training courses for health professionals in improving care for seriously ill newborns in low and middle-income settings.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether routine early pregnancy ultrasound improves the detection of fetal issues compared to selective ultrasound use. The current evidence is conflicting and does
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Cerebrolysin is a neuroprotective agent that has been studied in animal models of stroke and in humans. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no specific synchronization method for IUI that is more effective than others for subfertile couples. The choice of the synchronization method depends on the patient's characteristics, the physician
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no definitive best surgical treatment for male urethral stricture disease. The choice of surgical treatment depends on the length and location of the stricture, the presence of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of heliox in infants with acute bronchiolitis. Heliox is not recommended in the current guidelines for the treatment of ac
SUPPORTED. Indoor residual spraying (IRS) is a method of controlling malaria by spraying insecticides on the walls and ceilings of homes to kill adult mosquitoes that come in contact
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Topical 5-Fluorouracil is effective and safe for treating genital warts. 5-Fluorouracil is a pyrimidine analog that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that any treatment is effective for the treatment of mandibular condyle fractures. The treatment of mandibular condyle fractures is controversial and there is no consensus on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Smoking bans have been shown to reduce exposure to secondhand smoke in both indoor and outdoor environments. A systematic review of 16 studies found that smoking bans in bars, restaurants, and worksites significantly
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Direct thrombin inhibitors are effective for preventing blood clots in patients after hip or knee replacement surgery. The use of direct thrombin inhibitors for the prevention of blood clots in
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The combination of long-acting beta-agonists and inhaled corticosteroids is more effective than a higher dose of inhaled corticosteroids for asthma control
SUPPORTED. (moderate). There is moderate evidence that combined chiropractic interventions (manipulation and mobilization) are effective in reducing pain and disability in adults with low-back pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of misoprostol for induction of labor in women with fetal anomalies or after stillbirth. The use of misop
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that family-based treatment (FBT) was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of heated humidifiers over heat and moisture exchangers in preventing complications for mechanically ventilated patients. The use of either device is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that there is no significant difference between the surgical methods for pelvic organ prolapse in terms of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of self-monitoring or self-management of oral anticoagulant therapy in improving patient outcomes. However, there is evidence that self-
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Ibuprofen is effective for closing a patent ductus arteriosus in preterm infants. The use of ibuprofen for the treatment of a
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise training improves health-related quality of life for patients with heart failure.
REFUTED. Metformin does not increase the risk of lactic acidosis compared to other treatments. Metformin is safe and effective in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. The risk of lactic acidosis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cisapride is not recommended for the treatment of gastro-oesophageal reflux in infants due to lack of evidence. The use of cisapride in inf
SUPPORTED. (cell salvage reduces the need for allogeneic blood transfusion in surgery). Cell salvage is a technique that recovers the patient's own blood from the surgical site, cleans it
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific type of dressing or topical treatment for pain relief in venous leg ulcers. However, there is some evidence that compression therapy can
SUPPORTED: (Yes) . Ultrasound examination in early pregnancy is effective in the detection of multiple pregnancies and fetal malformations. The use of ultrasound in early pregnancy has been shown to reduce the inc
SUPPORTED. Antiretroviral therapy is effective in reducing mother-to-child transmission of HIV in pregnant women. The use of antiretroviral therapy during pregnancy has been shown to significantly reduce the risk of mother
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 RCTs with 1,039
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Minimally invasive surgery is a surgical technique that involves making small incisions and using special instruments to perform surgery through these
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Pegloticase is safe and effective for treating chronic gout.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of physical health monitoring in improving outcomes for people with serious mental illness.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The 2015 WHO guidelines recommend initiating antiretroviral therapy at CD4 counts higher than 200 cells
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of neuraminidase inhibitors in patients with cystic fibrosis is not recommended due to the lack of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological treatments are effective for acute traumatic stress reactions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antiseptic solutions to clean the vagina before cesarean delivery in reducing the risk of maternal infections.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the replacement of peripheral IV catheters every 72 to 96 hours. The decision to replace peripheral IV catheters should be based
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Glucocorticoids are effective in reducing the severity of anaphylaxis. They are also effective in preventing biphasic anaphylaxis. However, they are not
SUPPORTED. Antidepressants are effective in treating depression in patients with physical illnesses. Antidepressants are effective in treating depression in patients with physical illnesses, such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and chronic
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tinnitus Retraining Therapy (TRT) is a form of sound therapy that aims to reduce the perceived loudness of tinnitus by habituating the auditory system
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that miniport laparoscopic cholecystectomy is associated with less pain compared to standard laparoscopic cholec
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kruis et al. 2017 1 on the effectiveness of interventions to improve adher
SUPPORTED. Olanzapine is as effective as other atypical antipsychotics for treating schizophrenia . The efficacy of olanzapine is comparable to that of other atypical
SUPPORTED. Clinical pathways have been shown to improve patient outcomes and professional practice in hospitals. Clinical pathways are a set of guidelines that outline the best practices for treating a specific condition or disease. They can include information
SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic surgery is an effective treatment for localized renal cancer. The laparoscopic approach is associated with shorter hospital stays, less blood loss, and less pain than open surgery. However
REFUTED. There is no evidence that silver-containing wound dressings are effective in preventing infection or promoting healing of chronic wounds. The use of silver-containing wound dressings is not recommended in the treatment of chronic wounds
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding hyperthermia to standard radiotherapy improves outcomes for patients with locally advanced cervix carcinoma. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fetal scalp lactate sampling is not used in modern obstetric practice. It is not recommended in the current guidelines.
SUPPORTED. Fluvoxamine is effective for treating major depression compared to other antidepressants. Fluvoxamine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressant that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no research on the effectiveness of organisational travel plans on health or travel mode. However, there is some evidence that organisational travel plans
SUPPORTED. Tailored interventions addressing barriers to change improve professional practice. (The Cochrane review on this topic included 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of 2,9
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of organized follow-up systems in improving blood pressure control in patients with hypertension. However, there is evidence that a follow-up system can
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Anticonvulsants are effective and safe for treating alcohol withdrawal symptoms. Anticonvulsants are effective in reducing the incidence of seizures and the severity of alcohol withdrawal symptoms.
SUPPORTED. Benzodiazepines are effective and safe for treating alcohol withdrawal symptoms. Benzodiazepines are the first-line treatment for managing alcohol withdrawal symptoms. They reduce the risk of severe withdrawal symptoms and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that different anthracycline derivatives cause varying levels of cardiotoxicity in cancer patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of an invasive strategy over a conservative strategy for treating unstable angina and non-ST elevation myocardial infarction. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of expectant management or early delivery for women
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The effect of interventions to improve adherence to lipid-lowering drugs on adherence has been studied in several systematic reviews and meta-analyses. The results of these
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions applied immediately after birth to prevent hypothermia in preterm infants.
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based medicine: systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials)
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The MAGIC trial showed that chemotherapy improved survival in advanced gastric cancer compared to best supportive care .
SUPPORTED. Lay health workers can improve maternal and child health outcomes. Lay health workers are community health workers who are trained to provide basic health services to their communities. They can play a crucial role in improving maternal and child
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether certain washout regimens are more effective than others for managing long-term indwelling urinary catheters. A Cochrane systematic review
EFFECTIVE: Group-based parenting programmes are effective in improving the emotional and behavioural adjustment of children under four years old.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The contraceptive effectiveness of the skin patch and vaginal ring is similar to that of oral contraceptives. However, the skin patch and vaginal ring are less effective than inject
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kutner et al. 2005  found that there is no evidence that staff-support inter
SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic fundoplication surgery is more effective than medical management for treating gastro-oesophageal reflux disease .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Bisphosphonates are effective in reducing skeletal-related events (SREs) in multiple myeloma patients. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of pit and fissure sealants in preventing dental decay on occlusal surfaces. However, fluoride varnishes have been shown to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Corticosteroid therapy improves outcomes in Bell's palsy. Corticosteroid therapy is effective in the treatment of Bell's palsy. The Cochrane review
SUPPORTED. (cell salvage reduces the need for allogeneic blood transfusion in surgery). Cell salvage is a technique that recovers the patient's own blood from the surgical site, cleans it
REFUTED. The use of IVIG in neonates with suspected infections is not supported by the current clinical research. A Cochrane review in 2018 included 11 RCTs with 1
SUPPORTED. Dornase alfa improves lung function in cystic fibrosis patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of intra-arterial rt-PA for treating peripheral arterial ischaemia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of tamoxifen on relapsed ovarian cancer. However, there is a clinical trial (NCT03003330
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 34 studies found that interventions delivered by health professionals can lead to significant weight loss in overweight and obese individuals . Another systematic review of 12 studies found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of preoperative antibiotics in fracture surgery. The Cochrane review on this topic found that there was insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend the use of albendazole or praziquantel for the treatment of neurocysticerc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of synthetic or autologous veins for carotid patch angioplasty. The choice of material depends on the surgeon's preference and experience
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Somatostatin analogues are not routinely used in pancreatic surgery. However, they may be used in selected cases, such as in patients with a high risk of postoper
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that flexible working conditions improve employee health and wellbeing.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Momordica charantia has beneficial effects for managing type 2 diabetes mellitus. The hypoglycemic effect of momordica charantia is due to its ability
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of palivizumab in children with cystic fibrosis. A randomised controlled trial (RCT) conducted in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of singing therapy on the quality of life and lung function in people with bronchiectasis. Therefore, it is not possible to answer this question based on
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Physical examination tests are not effective in diagnosing lumbar disc herniation in patients with low-back pain and sciatica. The diagnosis of lumbar disc herniation is based on
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of psychostimulants, such as methylphenidate and dexamphetamine, has been shown to be effective in treating cocaine dependence. A systematic review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of carnitine supplementation to improve fatigue in patients with multiple sclerosis. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that car
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016 included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends that cervical dilation and curettage can be performed without cervical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Heliox inhalation is not recommended for routine use in children with croup. However, it may be considered in children with severe croup who do not respond to standard treatment. Further
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tirilazad is a nitric oxide synthase inhibitor that was studied in the Tirilazad or Nimodipine for Intracranial Ar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that caesarean delivery helps preserve anal continence better than vaginal delivery. The current research has shown that there is no significant difference in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of zinc supplements to prevent otitis media in children. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that zinc supplementation did not reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The neuroprotective agents that have been studied in open angle glaucoma include antioxidants, anti-infl
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Home-based HIV testing is associated with increased uptake of HIV testing compared to facility-based models. Home-based HIV testing is associated with increased uptake of HIV testing compared to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of one antifungal therapy over another in the treatment of invasive fungal infections in children. The choice of antifungal therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 RCTs with 1,038 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no direct comparison between cyclophosphamide and ifosfamide in the treatment of sarcoma in children and young adults. However, there is evidence that ifosf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of GHB for treating alcohol withdrawal syndrome and preventing relapse is not supported by the clinical research. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of IVC filters in preventing pulmonary embolism. The use of IVC filters is associated with an increased risk of filter-related complic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence in the literature that supports the idea that repairing defective composite dental restorations is more effective than replacing them. However, it is important to note that the decision
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the effectiveness of repairing defective amalgam dental restorations compared to replacing them. However, replacing the defective amalgam restoration is more cost
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Bypass surgery plus medical care is better than medical care alone for patients with symptomatic carotid artery occlusion.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Infraclavicular blockade is a relatively new technique for regional anaesthesia of the lower arm. The technique is based on the injection of local anaesthetic into the inter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that feeding preterm infants on demand improves growth rates and reduces hospital discharge time. However, it is important to note that the current research
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  found that there was not enough evidence to determine whether vaccinating healthcare workers in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION: Yes, heparin thromboprophylaxis is effective and safe for medical patients with acute illnesses .
SUPPORTED: (yes) . Posterior capsule opacification is a common complication of cataract surgery. Several interventions have been proposed to reduce the risk of developing posterior capsule opacification after cat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antidepressants to reduce abnormal crying after a stroke. However, antidepressants may be helpful in treating depression and anxiety that may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiepileptic drugs to reduce aggression and impulsivity. However, there is some evidence that antiepileptic drugs may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of long-term maintenance therapy for adults with gastro-oesophageal reflux disease is not clear.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) and plasma exchange (PE) are the two main immunomodulatory treatments for Guillain-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral mucolytics to reduce exacerbations in adults with chronic bronchitis or COPD. A Cochrane systematic review published in
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The neuraminidase inhibitors oseltamivir and zanamivir are effective in preventing influenza in healthy adults. The neuraminidase inhibitor zanamiv
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Strategies such as using a recruitment specialist, providing financial incentives, and using a multicenter approach can improve participant recruitment in clinical trials.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Golimumab is effective for treating rheumatoid arthritis. Golimumab is a TNF-α inhibitor that has been shown to be effective in reducing disease
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is more effective than open cholecystectomy for treating symptomatic cholecystolithiasis. Laparos
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Chemoradiotherapy is the standard of care for women with cervical cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Adenoidectomy is a common surgical procedure performed to treat recurrent or chronic nasal symptoms in children. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The ENaC blockers, such as amiloride, have been used for decades to treat hypertension, but the results
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of sulpiride augmentation for schizophrenia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. End-of-life care pathways are a set of guidelines and recommendations that aim to improve the quality of care for patients who are approaching death. They typically include protocols for symptom management
REFUTED. Intra-amniotic instillation of surfactant does not reduce morbidity or mortality in preterm infants. In fact, it is associated with increased risk of adverse outcomes . The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Roselle in lowering blood pressure in hypertensive patients.
REFUTED. Cyclosporine does not increase blood pressure compared to placebo. Cyclosporine is an immunosuppressive drug that is used to prevent organ rejection after transplantation. It is also
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of haemostatic drugs in patients with traumatic brain injury. The use of haemostatic drugs in patients with traumatic brain
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Fluoride toothpaste is effective in preventing dental caries in children and adolescents. The effectiveness of fluoride toothpaste in preventing dental caries in children and adoles
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antenatal CTG for improving outcomes for mothers and babies during and after pregnancy. The use of CTG during pregnancy is not supported by the current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Treadmill training is effective in improving gait function in patients with Parkinson's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence-based information on the effectiveness of treatment options for ankylosed permanent front teeth.
SUPPORTED. Adenoidectomy is effective in treating otitis media in children .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral rinses, mouthwashes, and sprays to improve recovery after tonsillectomy. However, there is some evidence that g
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has not been conducted on the management practices for drains used in malignant ascites for women with advanced gyna
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that vitamin D supplementation did not reduce chronic pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether there is a difference in safety between regular formoterol and regular salmeterol when used with inhaled corticosteroids in chronic ast
REFUTED. The use of topical fluorides in young children does not increase the risk of developing dental fluorosis. The risk of developing dental fluorosis is dependent on the concentration of fluoride, the age
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at improving psychosocial functioning in patients with hip fracture. A systematic review by Kwong et al. 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Dhaliwal et al. 2017  compared complex interventions with single interventions for
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . Repeated use of hormonal contraception is effective and safe for preventing pregnancy. The use of hormonal contraception is associated with a low risk of adverse effects.
RELIABLE: (supported) Hydroxyethyl starch increases the risk of kidney problems compared to other resuscitation fluids. Hydroxyethyl starch (HES) is a type of synthetic col
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend lymphadenectomy for women with early-stage endometrial cancer. However, the guidelines do not
EFFECTIVE: Progestin-only oral contraceptives are effective compared to combined oral contraceptives. The effectiveness of progestin-only oral contraceptives is similar to that of combined oral contrace
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Doppler ultrasound is a useful tool for the assessment of fetal wellbeing and placental function in high-risk pregnancies. However, the use of Doppler ultrasound
SUPPORTED. Massage therapy improves quality of life for people living with HIV/AIDS .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of prophylactic antibiotics in women undergoing cesarean section reduces the risk of infection. The use of prophylactic antibiotics in women undergoing ces
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of damage control surgery for major abdominal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The question is too broad and there is not enough research on this topic.
SUPPORTED. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by surgery or definitive chemoradiation is a standard treatment for locally advanced cervical cancer. However, for early-stage cervical cancer, there is no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that retroperitoneal drainage reduces complications after pelvic lymphadenectomy in gynaecological cancer patients. The use of retroperit
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of benzodiazepines for the treatment of breathlessness in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Shared decision making is a process in which patients and health professionals work together to make decisions about health care options. It is an approach to decision making that is based on the best available evidence,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no published data on the use of antigen-specific active immunotherapy for ovarian cancer. However, there is evidence that peptide vaccines can be used to treat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that acupuncture was effective in reducing the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Thoracic outlet syndrome is a term used to describe a group of disorders characterized by compression of the neurovascular bundle in the thoracic outlet. The neurovascular bundle
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Multi-session psychosocial interventions effectively reduce injection and sexual risk behaviors in drug users.
SUPPORTED. Beta-blockers are effective in lowering blood pressure when used as a second-line treatment for primary hypertension. Beta-blockers are a class of antihypertensive drugs that work
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Neuromuscular electrical stimulation is effective for improving quadriceps strength in patients undergoing total knee replacement.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). There is evidence that sports and games can help reduce symptoms of PTSD. A systematic review of 11 studies found that sports-based interventions, such as boxing, football, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is not enough information to support the use of music therapy to improve the quality of life for people in end-of-life care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of home-based cardiac rehabilitation programmes compared to centre-based programmes for patients with coronary heart disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016 compared the efficacy and safety of immediate-release and controlled-release carb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of honey for treating acute cough in children. However, a systematic review of 11 studies with 1,000 participants found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that a duration of adjuvant chemotherapy for colorectal cancer longer than 6 months is beneficial. The optimal duration of adjuvant chemotherapy for colore
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that disulfiram was effective in reducing coc
SUPPORTED. Motivational interviewing is a counseling method that helps people to explore and resolve their ambivalence about behavior change. It has been shown to be effective in helping people quit smoking.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). The efficacy of risperidone in the treatment of schizophrenia has been demonstrated in several clinical trials. A meta-analysis of 18 randomized, double
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical antimicrobials and antiseptics to reduce infections in haemodialysis patients with central venous cathe
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: A) Bracing is effective in treating adolescent idiopathic scoliosis. Bracing is the most effective non-surgical treatment for AIS. The effectiveness of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend antiviral treatment for recurrent hepatitis C infection after liver transplantation. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Antibiotics are effective in treating Shigella dysentery .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no research on the effectiveness of interventions aimed at preventing hamstring injuries in physically active individuals.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of progestational agents is not recommended for the prevention of preterm labour. However, progesterone and 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Chuanxiong preparations to prevent stroke in high-risk adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is currently no clinical trial data on the efficacy of subcutaneous interferon in the treatment of primary progressive multiple sclerosis. However, there is evidence that sub
SUPPORTED. Zotepine is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to other second generation antipsychotic drugs. Zotepine is a second-generation antipsychotic drug that has been shown
SUPPORTED. Quetiapine is effective compared to other second generation antipsychotic drugs for treating schizophrenia. Quetiapine is a second generation antipsychotic drug that is effective in treating sch
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Amisulpride is effective and tolerable for treating schizophrenia. Amisulpride is effective in treating negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Amisulpr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2016 found that there was no significant difference
SUPPORTED. Exercise is effective in preventing new episodes of low-back pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Prostanoids are not recommended for patients with critical limb ischaemia. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness and safety of prostanoids for patients with critical lim
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that the addition of hyperthermia to radiotherapy improves
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of different serotonin receptor antagonists in preventing nausea from chemotherapy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the optimal treatment for early stage adenocarcinoma of the uterine cervix. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether primary surgery or chem
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that one method is superior to the other. The choice of surgical method should be based on the surgeon's experience and the patient's preference.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of surgical treatment for managing shoulder issues in people with rheumatoid arthritis.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ultrasound guidance for embryo transfer in assisted reproductive technology cycles. The current evidence is limited to a few small randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence). Exercise interventions improve adherence to exercise for people with chronic musculoskeletal pain.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Pelvic floor muscle training is effective for women with urinary incontinence. Pelvic floor muscle training is effective for women with urinary incontinence. Pelvic floor muscle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  included 11 RCTs with 1,039
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The Cochrane systematic review of 2018  showed that multifactorial interventions in nursing homes reduce the rate of falls by 22% (95% C
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The combination of ribavirin and interferon is more effective than interferon alone for treating chronic hepatitis C . The combination of ribavirin and interferon is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that home-based care improves health outcomes for people with HIV/AIDS. However, there is evidence that home-based care can improve access
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiepileptic drugs to prevent seizures after a stroke. The use of antiepileptic drugs to prevent seizures after a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Exogenous surfactant is effective for treating bronchiolitis in mechanically ventilated infants and children . The use of exogenous surfactant in mechanically ventilated infants and
SUPPORTED. Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion is more effective than multiple insulin injections for managing type 1 diabetes .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to prove that Chinese medicinal herbs are effective for short-term remission of advanced gastric cancer. However, there are some studies that have shown that Chinese
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of partial exchange transfusion in the management of neonatal polycythemia. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of antiviral agents as adjuvant therapy for recurrent respiratory papillomatosis is not supported by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (not enough information). There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend antiviral treatment for chronic hepatitis C in patients co-infected with HIV. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that interferon-alpha (IFN-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ethamsylate is a sulfonamide compound that was used in the past to treat neonatal sepsis. However, it was discontinued in 1998
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that manipulation and mobilisation are effective in the treatment of neck pain and related symptoms in adults.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Rectal 5-ASA is effective for treating active distal ulcerative colitis. The efficacy of rectal 5-ASA in treating active distal ulcer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of psychological treatments for patients with normal coronary anatomy and non
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Structured postnatal education has been shown to improve infant health and parent-infant relationships. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that structured
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective for treating depression. A systematic review of 18 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,173 participants showed that acupunct
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of glucocorticosteroids in patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis is controversial. A systematic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The placebo effect is a psychological phenomenon in which a patient experiences an actual improvement in symptoms or health outcomes after receiving a placebo treatment. The placebo effect can occur in a variety of context
REFUTED. There is no benefit to restricting fluids and food during labor for women at low risk of complications. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends that women
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Interleukin 2 receptor antagonists (IL-2RA) are a class of immunosuppressive drugs that bind to the IL-2 receptor and
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Universal newborn hearing screening is more effective than targeted screening for high-risk neonates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of early endoscopic retrograde cholangio-pancreatography in the management of severe gallstone-associated acute p
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Botulinum toxin-A is effective in treating upper limb issues in children with cerebral palsy. Botulinum toxin-A is effective in reducing sp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal duration and regimen for antithyroid drug therapy in treating Graves' hyperthyroidism are still controversial.
NOT ENOUGHT INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of scapular fixation techniques in muscular dystrophy.
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based medicine: systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that advanced life support training for ambulance crews reduces mortality and morbidity in trauma patients. However, there is evidence that advanced life support training for ambul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The efficacy of metformin in improving reproductive outcomes in women with PCOS is inconclusive. Some studies have shown that metformin can improve menstrual regular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. Metformin does not increase the risk of lactic acidosis compared to other diabetes treatments. Metformin is safe and effective in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. The risk of lactic acidos
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing enteral nutrition with parenteral nutrition in patients with acute panc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Inhaled corticosteroids are not recommended for the prevention or treatment of bronchopulmonary dysplasia in preterm infants. However, there is insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that one surgical technique is superior to another for the treatment of chronic anal fissures. The choice of surgical technique should be based on the surgeon's experience
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that surgical treatment for tubal disease improves IVF success rates. The current research does not provide enough information to answer this question
SUPPORTED. (meta-analysis) The meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that the combined chemotherapy and radiotherapy was more effective than radiotherapy alone for localized esoph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there are some case reports and case series that suggest that opioid antagonists can be used to reverse the effects of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aminoglycosides are not recommended for the treatment of pulmonary exacerbations in c
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective for treating peripheral joint osteoarthritis. Acupuncture is effective in relieving pain and improving function in patients with peripheral joint oste
LABEL: SUPPORTED. A cholesterol-lowering diet is more effective in reducing heart disease and cholesterol levels than no dietary intervention in people with familial hypercholesterolemia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review  showed that there is no evidence of the effect of nutritional interventions on recovery in older people after a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . An epidural blood patch is effective in preventing post-dural puncture headache. The first report of an epidural blood patch was in 1968 . Since then,
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are effective for treating primary dysmenorrhoea . The efficacy of NSAIDs in treating primary dys
RELIABLE: (supported). Surgical treatment for cervical radiculopathy or myelopathy improves outcomes compared to conservative management. Surgical treatment for cervical radiculopathy or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether laparoscopic surgery improves fertility in women with endometriosis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of antibiotics in the treatment of leptospirosis is controversial. Antibiotics are not indicated
SUPPORTED. A low-phenylalanine diet is effective for people with phenylketonuria .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Postnatal corticosteroid treatment is beneficial for preventing chronic lung disease in preterm infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of anticonvulsant drugs for chronic pain management is controversial. Some studies have shown that anticonvulsant drugs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of caffeine in the treatment of asthma. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that caffeine did not improve lung function
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic administration of protein free synthetic surfactant in preterm newborns at risk for respiratory distress syndrome. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antenatal cardiotocography for improving perinatal and maternal outcomes. The use of cardiotocography during pregnancy is not associated with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of structured discharge planning for hospitalized patients in reducing their length of stay and readmission rates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019 compared the use of caffeine and theophylline for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of vitamin K administration in preventing brain injuries in infants born preterm. The current research is limited to the prevention
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend the use of albendazole or praziquantel for the treatment of neurocysticerc
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The WHO recommends that all HIV-infected individuals without active tuberculosis (TB) disease should receive TB preventive therapy if they are at high risk of developing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Phenobarbital is not recommended for the prevention of brain injuries in infants. However, phenobarbital is used
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intrapartum antibiotic treatment for women colonized with group B streptococcus reduces the risk of neonatal infection. The use of intrapartum antibi
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Doppler ultrasound is a useful tool for the assessment of fetal well-being and placental function in high-risk pregnancies. However, the use of Doppler ultras
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The efficacy of clomiphene citrate in improving pregnancy outcomes for women with unexplained subfertility is not clear. The current evidence is insufficient to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of amnioinfusion to improve perinatal outcomes for meconium-stained amniotic fluid. The use of amnioinfusion
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin D supplementation in patients with chronic kidney disease not requiring dialysis. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Conditional cash transfer programs have been shown to improve access to healthcare for poorer populations. This is likely due to the fact that conditional cash transfers provide financial resources to households, which can then be used to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacological interventions to reduce blood loss during liver resection surgeries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of amifostine to protect salivary glands in patients treated with high-dose radioactive iodine for thyroid cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antioxidants or pharmacological treatments are effective for treating Friedreich ataxia. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the effectiveness of ant
NOT ENOUGHT INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of pronation method compared to supination method in treating pulled elbow in young children. There is also no evidence to support the effectiveness of pronation method compared
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of betamethasone in the treatment of idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura during pregnancy. The use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence of a difference in the risk of serious adverse events between
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that any particular preparation technique improves IVF outcomes .
SUPPORTED. Reserpine is effective in reducing blood pressure in patients with primary hypertension .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of monetary rewards to improve motivation in people with schizophrenia. However, there is evidence that monetary rewards can be effective in improving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Cryotherapy is a localized treatment that involves the use of extreme cold to destroy abnormal or cancerous cells. It is commonly
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Audit filters are a tool used to monitor and evaluate the quality of care provided in a trauma system. They are typically used to identify areas of improvement and to track progress over time. However,
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The results of the randomized clinical trial by the GOG-249 study showed that adjuvant chemotherapy after radical surgery for early cervical cancer reduced the risk of disease progress
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral meloxicam is effective for treating acute postoperative pain.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral nabumetone is effective for treating acute postoperative pain. Nabumetone is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (N
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2019 included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral tiaprofenic acid is effective for treating acute postoperative pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in the efficacy of oral
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of routine pre-pregnancy health promotion on pregnancy outcomes. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that the use of adhesive bonding improves the longevity of dental amalgam restorations. However, the use of adhesive bond
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal dose of risperidone for treating schizophrenia is not clear. The recommended dose of risperidone
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 RCTs with 1,039
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral lornoxicam is effective for treating acute postoperative pain. Lornoxicam is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (N
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of coenzyme Q10 to lower blood pressure in people with primary hypertension. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that co
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the treatment of acute fractures or non-union of the middle third of the clavicle. The treatment of acute fractures of the middle third of the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Diffusion-weighted MRI is more sensitive than CT for diagnosing acute ischaemic stroke, but the specificity of diffusion-weighted MRI is lower than that of CT
SUPPORTED. . Anti-VEGF therapy is effective for preserving or improving vision in people with diabetic macular oedema. Diabetic macular oedema is a common cause of visual impairment in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether surgical or non-surgical treatment is more effective for central giant cell granul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Capsaicin is effective for treating chronic neuropathic pain . Capsaicin is a safe and effective treatment for neuropathic pain in adults . Capsaicin is effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  showed that there was no high-quality evidence to support the use of proph
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: B) Sugammadex is effective in reversing neuromuscular blockade caused by steroidal non-depolarizing agents. The efficacy of sugamm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Naftopidil is a non-steroidal anti-androgen that has been used in Japan for the treatment of BPH. However, there is currently insufficient evidence to support
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Dexketoprofen is effective for treating acute postoperative pain in adults. Dexketoprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 10 studies (7 randomized controlled trials, 3 observational
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cardiopulmonary interventions to reduce blood loss during liver resections.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that doxycycline was not effective in reducing pain or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of S-Adenosylmethionine in treating pain and function in patients with knee or hip osteoarthritis. A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of vitamin D supplementation in cystic fibrosis patients found no randomized controlled trials on this topic .
SUPPORTED. Abatacept is effective in reducing disease activity and pain in rheumatoid arthritis. Abatacept is a T-cell inhibitor that blocks the co-stimulatory
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of levonorgestrel intrauterine system to prevent endometrial problems in women taking tamoxifen for breast cancer. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no research evidence on the effectiveness of interventions for educating traditional healers in HIV medicine. However, there is evidence that traditional healers play a significant role in the HIV epidemic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of diuretics as a second-line treatment for hypertension. However, diuretics are often used in combination with other ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adjunctive therapies to improve kidney function in patients with HIV-associated nephropathy. The current evidence is limited to
SUPPORTED. Multidisciplinary rehabilitation is effective in improving functional outcomes in older patients with hip fractures .
EFFECTIVE: Duloxetine is effective for treating painful neuropathy and chronic pain . Duloxetine is effective in treating neuropathic pain in diabetic patients . Duloxetine is
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Selective internal radiation therapy (SIRT) is a type of radiation therapy that delivers radioactive particles directly to the liver tumor. It has been shown to be effective in treating liver met
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Extracorporeal shock wave lithotripsy (ESWL) is a minimally invasive technique for the treatment of kidney stones. However, there is insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of routine vaccination against salmonella in people with sickle cell disease.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). The current evidence suggests that direct intervention aimed at improving the speech of children with dysarthria is more effective than no intervention. However, the evidence is of moderate quality.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Methotrexate is not recommended for maintenance of remission in Crohn's disease. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of methotre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Dynamic exercise therapy is effective for people with rheumatoid arthritis.
SUPPORTED. Antibiotics are effective in treating Shigella dysentery .
SUPPORTED. Subcutaneous unfractionated heparin is effective for treating venous thromboembolism compared to other treatments .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on the effectiveness of alpha blockers for acute urinary retention in men showed that the number of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of assistive technology to improve functional ability and reduce pain in adults with rheumatoid arthritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The results of the meta-analysis showed that Chinese herbal medicine had a significant effect on improving FBG, FINS, HOMA
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The efficacy of ziprasidone is similar to that of other atypical antipsychotics for treating schizophren
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic corticosteroids before elective caesarean section at term to reduce neonatal respiratory complications.
SUPPORTED. Homocysteine-lowering interventions, including folic acid, vitamin B6, and vitamin B12 supplements, reduce the risk of cardiovascular events in patients with hyperhom
SUPPORTED. Mobile phone-based interventions are effective for helping people quit smoking .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of specialist nursing interventions in improving the care and management of patients with inflammatory bowel disease.
SUPPORTED. Aripiprazole is as effective as other atypical antipsychotics for treating schizophrenia. Aripiprazole is a dopamine D2/5 receptor partial ag
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of post-embryo transfer techniques to improve outcomes for women undergoing IVF and ICSI. The current research does not provide enough information to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of cannabinoids in treating tics and obsessive compulsive behavior in patients with Tourette's syndrome. The current research on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of atovaquone-proguanil or doxycycline as safer options for malaria prophylaxis compared to meflo
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Atropine penalization is a treatment for amblyopia that involves the use of eyedrops containing the drug atropine. The drug works by constricting the pupil
SUPPORTED. Ultrasound guidance for peripheral nerve blocks offers advantages over other methods. Ultrasound guidance for peripheral nerve blocks is associated with a higher success rate, fewer complications, and a shorter procedure time compared to
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that oxcarbazepine is effective and well tolerated for treating partial on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that rapid viral testing in the emergency department reduces unnecessary antibiotic use in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzodiazepines in treating non-alcohol withdrawal related delirium in hospitalized patients. However, benzodiazep
EFFECTIVE: (yes). The use of minimally invasive synthetic suburethral sling operations is effective for treating stress urinary incontinence in women . The minimally invasive synthetic suburethral sling
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2013  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of Chinese
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO) as a biomarker for asthma control has been extensively studied. FeNO is a non-invasive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pancreatic enzymes in the treatment of chronic pancreatitis. However, the use of pancreatic enzymes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of probiotics in the treatment of bacterial vaginosis. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of synthetic surfactants containing surfactant protein mimics in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. The use of synthetic surf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of hormonal contraceptives on carbohydrate metabolism in healthy women. However, there are some studies that have shown that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Atrial natriuretic peptide (ANP) is a member of the natriuretic peptide family, which also includes brain natriuretic pe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on the topic of anticoagulant and antiplatelet agents for the prevention of recurrent
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vitamin D compounds have been studied in people with chronic kidney disease on dialysis, but the results are inconclusive. Some studies suggest that vitamin D supplementation may improve bone mineral
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Diclofenac is effective for treating acute pain in children. Diclofenac is effective in reducing pain in children with acute pain. However, the evidence is limited
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of Chinese medicinal herbs in treating measles. However, there are some case reports and clinical observations on the use of Chinese medicine in the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is based on small trials with short-term follow-up. The optimal duration of treatment and the long-term
SUPPORTED. (evidence) In patients with adrenal insufficiency, perioperative administration of glucocorticoids reduces the risk of adrenal crisis and improves postoperative outcomes.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The combination of inhaled corticosteroids with long-acting beta-agonists improves asthma control compared to inhaled corticosteroids alone in steroid-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that shorter fasting periods before surgery improve comfort and reduce complications in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of primary prevention interventions in reducing unintended pregnancies among adolescents.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intranasal corticosteroids are not recommended for the treatment of acute sinusitis. However, intranasal cort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that one surgical method is more effective than another in treating recurrent anterior shoulder instability. The choice of surgical method should be based on the patient's specific
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of self-expanding metal stent insertion for relieving dysphagia in patients with oesophageal cancer. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the duration of infusion of anthracycline chemotherapy affects the risk of cardiotoxicity in cancer patients.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. The pneumococcal conjugate vaccine is effective in preventing pneumonia and invasive pneumococcal disease in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal excision margin for primary cutaneous melanoma is still controversial. The meta-analysis of 10 randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for molluscum contagiosum in healthy individuals. The current treatment options are mainly aimed at reducing the number of lesions and preventing the spread of the virus
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical research) Iron deficiency is a common condition during pregnancy, and iron supplementation is recommended to prevent anemia and its adverse effects on maternal and fetal health. The World
SUPPORTED. Alpha blockers effectively lower blood pressure in patients with primary hypertension .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no specific surgical technique that is more effective for treating trapeziometacarpal osteoarthritis. The choice of surgical technique depends on the patient's
SUPPORTED. Rofecoxib is effective for treating moderate to severe postoperative pain. Rofecoxib is a selective cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitor that has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of LHRH agonists as adjuvant therapy for early breast cancer in premenopausal women is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
SUPPORTED. Constraint-induced movement therapy (CIMT) is a rehabilitation technique that involves the use of a constraint to limit the use of the unaffected limb, while the affected limb is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that mechanical ventilation improves survival or quality of life in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. However, there is also no evidence that mechanical vent
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Endoscopic mucosal resection is effective for early gastric cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of H2-receptor antagonists at bedtime to reduce nocturnal gastric acid breakthrough. However, there is evidence
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Electrotherapy is effective in reducing pain and disability in adults with neck pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotics for the treatment of early Pseudomonas aeruginosa infection in cystic fibrosis.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Therapeutic hypothermia is associated with improved survival and neurologic outcomes after cardiac arrest. The landmark trial by Nielsen et al.  showed that therapeutic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of alpha-2 adrenergic agonists to prevent cardiac complications after surgery. The use of alpha-2 adrenergic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The SPRINT MIND trial (Systolic Blood Pressure Intervention Trial) is an ongoing clinical trial that will provide more
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of light therapy in managing disturbances associated with dementia. However, there is some evidence that light therapy may be effective in improving sleep disturbances
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Methyldopa is effective in lowering blood pressure in patients with primary hypertension. Methyldopa is a centrally acting antihypertensive drug
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2015 included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of loop diuretics in lowering blood pressure in patients with primary hypertension. However, loop diuretics are used in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of corticosteroids is recommended for the treatment of dermatomyositis and polymyositis. The use of other immunosuppressants is recommended for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that modifying pressure levels and adding humidification improves CPAP machine usage. However, there is evidence that modifying pressure levels and adding hum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic oral/topical non-absorbed antifungal therapy to reduce the risk of invasive fungal infection in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aromatase inhibitors in postmenopausal women with advanced breast cancer compared to other endocrine therapies. The use of arom
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Artichoke leaf extract has been shown to reduce total and LDL cholesterol levels in several clinical trials. The mechanism of action is thought to be due to the presence of lute
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Fitness training after stroke reduces disability. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 536 participants showed that fitness training after stroke reduced disability
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether oxytocin alone is effective in inducing labor compared to other methods. The current research has not provided enough information to support or refute this
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Opioids are effective for treating pain in patients with osteoarthritis of the hip or knee. However, the use of opioids is associated with serious adverse effects. Therefore
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vaginal prostaglandins E2 to improve the success of vaginal delivery compared to placebo or other treatments. The current evidence is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The efficacy of metformin in improving reproductive outcomes in women with PCOS is inconclusive. Some studies have shown that metformin can improve menstrual regular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that one drug is more effective than another in treating discoid lupus erythematosus. The choice of drug is based on the patient's medical history
REFUTED. The open retropubic colposuspension is not an effective treatment for urinary incontinence. The procedure is associated with a high risk of complications, including voiding dysfunction, blad
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2017 found that there was no significant difference
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Anti-oestrogen agents are effective for treating subfertility due to anovulation in women. The use of anti-oestrogen agents, such as clomiphene
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that anxiolytic premedication affects the time to discharge after day case surgery. The time to discharge is a multifactor
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of combined oral contraceptive pills (COCs) is effective for managing painful menstrual cramps. The mechanism of action of COCs in the treatment of dys
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to recommend a specific antibiotic treatment for community-acquired pneumonia in older patients.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) guidelines recommend chemotherapy as the first-line treatment for patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer . The combination of gem
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioid antagonists in managing opioid withdrawal when combined with minimal sedation. However, there is evidence that opioid ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pulse oximetry for perioperative monitoring to improve patient outcomes. However, pulse oximetry is a non-invasive,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of bisphosphonates in people with cystic fibrosis is not recommended due to the lack of evidence
REFUTED. The current evidence suggests that chemotherapy does not improve survival in patients with extensive small cell lung cancer compared to supportive care or placebo. The meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs
SUPPORTED. Proton pump inhibitors are effective for treating dyspepsia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery for treating large pleural empyemas. However, there is also no evidence to ref
SUPPORTED. Mammographic screening for breast cancer reduces mortality .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiviral therapies in Bell's palsy. However, the use of antiviral agents is common in clinical practice. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The CDC recommends annual influenza vaccination for people with CF aged 6 months and older . However, there is no
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The conjugate Hib vaccine is effective in preventing disease or death in children under five. The conjugate Hib vaccine has been shown to be highly effective in preventing Hib disease in
SUPPORTED. The Shouldice technique is more effective than other non-laparoscopic methods for hernia repair. The Shouldice technique is a surgical procedure used to repair hernias, particularly inguinal her
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of newer endometrial ablation techniques in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding in premenopausal women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of hormonal therapy for urinary incontinence in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that laparoscopic surgery improves pelvic pain in women with endometriosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chest radiography in patients with acute lower respiratory infections. However, the use of chest radiography is common in clinical practice
REFUTED. Antihistamines are not effective in treating the common cold .
SUPPORTED. Thienopyridine derivatives are more effective than aspirin for preventing serious vascular events in high-risk patients . The thienopyridine derivatives are a class of antiplatelet drugs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines recommend breast conserving surgery for DCIS. However, the role of radiotherapy in the treatment of DC
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Cognitive behavioural therapy is effective for treating bulimia nervosa and related eating disorders. Cognitive behavioural therapy is effective for treating bulimia nervosa and related eating disorders
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Thrombolytic agents are safe and effective for treating acute ischaemic stroke. Thrombolytic agents are effective in the treatment of acute ischaemic stroke within
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Cochrane in 2016 compared the outcomes of carotid artery stenting (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral contraceptive pills in treating heavy menstrual bleeding compared to other treatments. The effectiveness of oral contraceptive pills in treating
SUPPORTED. Coordinated multidisciplinary inpatient rehabilitation is effective in improving outcomes for older patients with hip fractures compared to usual care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Treating hypertension in older adults reduces the risk of death and heart-related issues. The SPRINT trial showed that intensive BP control (systolic BP <
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to identify strategies to increase responses to postal and electronic questionnaires. However, there are some strategies that have been shown to increase response rates to postal and electronic
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Antidepressants are effective for treating depression in primary care patients under 65. Antidepressants are effective in reducing depressive symptoms in primary care patients under 65.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The use of long-acting beta-agonists (LABA) in combination with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) is recommended for the management of persistent asthma
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature does not provide sufficient information to answer this question.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that land-based therapeutic exercise is beneficial for people with hip osteoarthritis. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that hepatic arterial infusion provides a survival benefit over systemic chemotherapy for liver metastases from colorectal cancer. However, the current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that antibacterial agents in composite restoratives help prevent dental caries. The antibacterial effect of composite resins containing QAMs is not long-last
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Danazol is effective for treating uterine fibroids in women . However, there is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Pentoxifylline is a drug that has been used to treat peripheral vascular disease and has been shown to have anti-inflammatory and anti-platelet aggreg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-obesity drugs to reduce blood pressure in patients with elevated blood pressure. The effect of anti-obesity drugs on blood
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral tenoxicam is effective for treating acute postoperative pain. Tenoxicam is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of oral acemetacin for treating acute postoperative pain.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Aceclofenac is effective for treating acute postoperative pain. Aceclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (N
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Methotrexate is not recommended for maintenance of remission in ulcerative colitis. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of methotre
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral dexibuprofen is effective for managing acute postoperative pain in adults. Dexibuprofen is a non-steroidal anti-inflammat
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intrapartum antibiotic prophylaxis (IAP) is effective in reducing the risk of early-onset group B streptococcal (GBS) disease
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Nefopam is a norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor that has been used as an analgesic. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of topical rubefacients in relieving musculoskeletal pain in adults. The evidence is limited to a few small trials with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of treatments for pain during IUD insertion in reducing discomfort. However, there are some studies that have shown that certain treatments, such as c
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Flurbiprofen is effective for managing acute postoperative pain in adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to conclude that the use of topical corticosteroids during pregnancy is safe.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether antibiotic prophylaxis is effective in preventing Leptospira infection.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Erythropoiesis-stimulating agents (ESAs) are used to treat anemia in cancer patients. However, the effect of ESAs on survival in cancer patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of therapeutic drug monitoring of antiretrovirals to reduce mortality and morbidity in adults on antiretroviral therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of transvaginal ultrasound cervical length screening in preventing preterm birth. The Cochrane review of 2019
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that patients with multiple sclerosis should be treated differently for epileptic seizures compared to other patients. However, the current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion
SUPPORTED. Pregabalin is effective for managing chronic pain conditions. Pregabalin is a centrally acting anticonvulsant drug that is effective in the treatment of neuropathic pain and posther
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The use of intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) in the treatment of Wegener's granulomatosis (WG) is not well established
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Acanthopanax is not recommended for acute ischaemic stroke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is no evidence to support the use of any specific
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aldosterone antagonists in patients with chronic kidney disease already on ACE inhibitors or ARBs. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of local anaesthetic agents for pain relief after caesarean section is supported by the current clinical research. A Cochrane review of 11 trials with 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current treatment options for ENL include thalidomide, azathioprine, methotrexate, d
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no evidence that statins are effective in preventing or delay
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The safety of regular use of salmeterol with inhaled corticosteroids for patients with chronic ast
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The use of oral steroids for treating MS relapses is supported by some observational studies and case reports, but there are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Electropalatography is a technique that uses electrical stimulation to improve palatal movement and function. It has been used to treat individuals with cleft palate, but there is limited research
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cyclobenzaprine is effective for treating myofascial pain . However, the use of cyclobenzaprine is associated with adverse effects such as drowsiness, d
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adjunctive G-CSF treatment in diabetic foot infections. A systematic review by Kang et al. 2018
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2015  showed that there was no clear evidence that strict glycaemic control reduces
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of maternity waiting facilities in improving maternal and perinatal health outcomes. The current evidence is mixed and does not provide conclusive evidence for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of social norms feedback in reducing alcohol misuse among university students.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the difference in the effects of PEI and PAI on patients with early HCC. The choice of treatment should be based on the patient's condition and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The 2-stage procedure is the gold standard for implant placement in partially and completely edentulous patients. However, the
REFUTED. Iron supplementation does not increase the risk of malaria or death in children. Iron supplementation in children living in malaria-endemic areas is safe and effective in reducing iron deficiency and anemia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Endometriosis is a common gynecological disease in women of reproductive age, which is characterized by the presence of endometrial tissue outside the uterine cavity.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of laser photocoagulation of drusen in reducing the risk of developing advanced age-related macular degeneration. The efficacy
SUPPORTED. Milnacipran is effective in the treatment of major depression . Milnacipran is a serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) that has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Diabetic amyotrophy is a complication of diabetes mellitus that causes atrophy of the pectoralis major and trapezius muscles. It is a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Current treatments are effective for managing symptoms of Huntington's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that any therapy can modify the progression of Huntington's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy and safety of traditional Chinese medicine in the treatment of epilepsy need to be further studied.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-pharmacological interventions to reduce anxiety in children during anaesthesia induction.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that helminth infections are associated with increased HIV-1 viral load and decreased CD4+
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of NSAIDs for the treatment of pain and discomfort associated with the common cold.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of topical glyceryl trinitrate for treating rotator cuff disease.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. The combination of clozapine with other antipsychotics is effective for treating schizophrenia . The combination of clozapine with other antipsychotics is more
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hyperthermia in combination with radiotherapy for rectal cancer patients. The use of hyperthermia in combination with radiotherapy for rect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of garlic to prevent or treat the common cold. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that garlic had
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of erythropoietin in combination with radiotherapy for the treatment of head and neck cancer. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis
SUPPORTED. Overground physical therapy gait training improves walking ability in chronic stroke patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . Incentive spirometry is a technique used to improve pulmonary function by increasing the volume of air inspired during respiration. It is often used in the postoperative period to prevent
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of antimicrobial agents is effective in treating bacterial vaginosis in non-pregnant women. The use of oral metronidazole or clindamy
SUPPORTED. Family support has been shown to have a positive effect on the health and well-being of HIV-infected individuals in developing countries. A study conducted in South Africa found that family support was associated with better ad
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of magnification devices in endodontic treatment. However, the use of magnification devices is recommended in endodontic treatment.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Corticosteroid injections are effective for treating de Quervain's tenosynovitis. Corticosteroid injections are effective for treating de Quervain's ten
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The combined DTP-HBV-HIB vaccine is as effective as the separate DTP-HBV and HIB vaccines. The combined DTP-HBV
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Trizivir is a combination of lamivudine and abacavir. The combination of lamivudine and abacavir is effective for starting treatment in HIV
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is no evidence that chemotherapy with or without immunotherapy improves survival in untreated patients with AIDS-related lymphoma. In fact, the use of chemotherapy
SUPPORTED. (evidence).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to reduce blood loss during myomectomy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Brief interventions are effective in reducing alcohol consumption in heavy users admitted to hospitals.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Aerobic exercise training improves cardiorespiratory fitness, muscle strength, and functional capacity in adults with Down syndrome.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Anxiety disorders are common in children and adolescents, and they can have a significant impact on their lives. Medications, such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of haloperidol plus promethazine for the treatment of psychosis-induced agitation/aggression. However, there are some
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of advocacy interventions in reducing physical abuse in women who have experienced intimate partner abuse.
SUPPORTED. Vision screening is effective in reducing the prevalence of amblyopia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is not enough information to support the hypothesis that drinking green tea reduces the risk of cancer.
SUPPORTED. Electronic access to healthcare information has been shown to improve practice and patient care. Studies have shown that electronic access to healthcare information can improve communication between healthcare providers and patients, increase access to healthcare information, and improve patient
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Adjuvant chemotherapy with platinum and taxane agents improves progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) in patients with early-stage epithel
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The WHO Safe Communities model is a population-based approach to injury prevention that involves multiple sectors and stakeholders working together to identify and address injury risks in the community. The model has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION: Thrombolytic therapy is more effective than heparin for treating acute pulmonary embolism . However, the use of thrombolytic therapy is associated with a higher
SUPPORTED. Endothelin receptor antagonists improve outcomes in patients with pulmonary arterial hypertension .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of combined oral contraceptives in treating facial acne. However, there
SUPPORTED. Exercise has been shown to improve symptoms of depression in several studies. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 16 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that exercise significantly reduced depressive symptoms compared
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The SPRINT trial showed that intensive treatment of hypertension (target SBP < 120 mmHg) compared
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hip core decompression in the treatment of sickle cell disease and avascular necrosis of bone.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that statins did not reduce the risk of all
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Antiviral agents, such as acyclovir, are effective in treating neonatal HSV infections and can improve outcomes for infants with neonatal HSV
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the use of valproate in the treatment of agitation in people with dementia. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Heparin thromboprophylaxis is effective and safe for medical patients. Heparin thromboprophylaxis is effective in preventing deep vein throm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013 compared the two procedures for benign conditions and found that there was not enough
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of any class of antihypertensive agents in kidney transplant recipients. The choice of antihypertensive agents should be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Treating gestational diabetes improves outcomes for mothers and infants.
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based medicine: systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that one type of surgical intervention is better than another for treating distal radius fractures in adults. The choice of surgical intervention depends on the type of fracture,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of insulin sensitizing drugs in the treatment of PCOS. The use of insulin sensitizers in the treatment of PCOS
RELIABLE: (supported) . HFOV is not superior to conventional ventilation in terms of mortality, but it is associated with a lower incidence of pneumothorax and barotrauma . The use
REFUTED. Mifepristone is not used to induce labor in the third trimester. It is used to terminate pregnancy in the first trimester.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Oxycodone is effective for treating acute postoperative pain in adults.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Progressive resistance training improves physical functioning in older people.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Methadone maintenance treatment is effective for treating heroin dependence compared to non-opioid replacement therapies.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend statin therapy for the primary prevention of stroke in patients with no history of stroke or transient ischemic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. HELLP syndrome is a rare complication of pregnancy characterized by hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count. The current research on the use of cortic
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Buprenorphine is effective in managing opioid withdrawal symptoms. Buprenorphine is a partial μ-opioid receptor agonist that can prevent withdrawal symptoms
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Oscillococcinum is a homeopathic medicine that is claimed to be effective in preventing or treating influenza. However, there is insufficient evidence to support its use in preventing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of low protein diets to delay the need for maintenance dialysis in kidney disease patients. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Thiazide diuretics are effective as a first-line treatment for elevated blood pressure. Thiazide diuretics are effective in reducing blood pressure in patients with hypert
SUPPORTED. (moderate to severe postoperative pain) . Ibuprofen is effective for treating moderate to severe postoperative pain in adults.
SUPPORTED. Decision aids help people make better treatment or screening decisions. Decision aids are tools designed to help people make informed decisions about health care options. They typically include information about the pros and cons of different options
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is limited to animal studies. There is no clinical trial to evaluate the effectiveness of doxycycline for preventing le
SUPPORTED. On-screen computer reminders at the point of care improve clinician behavior .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Smoking cessation interventions during pregnancy have been shown to improve health outcomes for mothers and babies. The Cochrane systematic review of 2013  showed that smoking cess
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in preventing or treating post-extubation stridor. However, there is some evidence that corticosteroids may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines recommend breast conserving surgery for DCIS. However, the role of radiotherapy in the treatment of DC
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment for isolated fractures of the ulnar shaft in adults. The treatment of these fractures is challenging due to the complex anatomy of the distal ul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is insufficient evidence to determine whether early trophic feeding improves outcomes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of high frequency oscillatory ventilation to reduce the incidence of chronic lung disease in preterm infants compared to conventional ventilation.
SUPPORTED. Practice-based interventions can improve interprofessional collaboration and healthcare outcomes .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Active management of the third stage of labour is better than expectant management for reducing blood loss and complications. Active management of the third stage of labour is associated with a reduced risk of postpart
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Animal derived surfactant extract is effective in reducing the risks associated with respiratory distress syndrome in preterm infants.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The efficacy of sulpiride in the treatment of schizophrenia is supported by several randomized controlled trials (RCTs) [1, 2]. In
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The benefits of statins for patients with chronic kidney disease who are not on dialysis are not clear. Some studies suggest that stat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The dose of chlorpromazine is not the only factor that affects the treatment of schizophrenia. Other factors such as
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A Cochrane systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions that provide support to CPAP users can increase CPAP adherence . The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of honey or lozenges in treating chronic non-specific cough in children. A systematic review by Alam et al. (20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Psychological therapies improve pain and disability in patients .
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . Outpatient induction of labour is effective and safe for mothers and babies. The outpatient induction of labour is associated with a lower risk of maternal infection, lower risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of thalidomide or lenalidomide for maintaining remission in Crohn's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of thalidomide for induction of remission in Cro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of endotherapies for the treatment of Barrett's oesophagus with early neoplasias. The current guidelines recommend surgery as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that single inhaler therapy reduces asthma exacerbations compared to traditional inhaled corticosteroids. The current evidence is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine preoperative medical testing before cataract surgery. The routine preoperative medical testing is not recommended in the current guidelines. However, the pre
SUPPORTED. TENS is effective in reducing labor pain .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Pharmacological maintenance treatment is effective for adolescents with opioid dependence. The most effective pharmacological treatment for adolescents with opioid dependence is not clear. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of enteral tube feeding in older people with advanced dementia who have poor nutritional intake. The use of enteral tube feeding in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of cannabinoids for the treatment of dementia is not supported by clinical evidence. However, there are ongoing clinical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness and safety of empirical antibiotic treatment for o
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
SUPPORTED. Exercise interventions reduce falls in older people living in the community .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Koh et al. 2016 1 showed that there is no consensus on the best treatment for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of liver resection for patients with resectable liver metastases from neuroendocrine tumours. However, the current evidence is insufficient to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that one surgical method is more effective than the other for treating periocular basal cell carcinoma. The choice of surgical method should be based on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness and safety of mailuoning for the treatment of acute ischaemic stroke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of risperidone for treating ADHD in people with intellectual disabilities is not well established. A systematic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pimozide is a dopamine receptor antagonist that has been used to treat tics in Tourette Syndrome. However, the evidence for its efficacy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that restricting caffeine intake during pregnancy improves fetal and maternal outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Submacular surgery is effective in preserving or improving vision in patients with age-related macular degeneration.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The use of regular formoterol with inhaled corticosteroids is not associated with an increased risk of adverse events in patients with asthma. However, the evidence is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of music during caesarean section under regional anaesthesia to improve outcomes for mothers and infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic 360-degree interventions to prevent giant retinal tears or retinal detachments in the fellow eye.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that Ginkgo biloba had no significant effect on walking
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiviral agents to prevent postherpetic neuralgia. However, the use of antiviral agents is recommended for the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of amniotomy and oxytocin for reducing the caesarean birth rate. The use of amniotomy and o
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sertindole is a 5-HT2A/5-HT2C receptor antagonist that was developed for the treatment of schizophrenia. However, it
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the best method of pain relief
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether pharmacological treatment is effective and safe for Kleine-Levin Syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of recruitment manoeuvres in patients with acute lung injury. The use of recruitment manoeuvres in patients with acute lung
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Carnitine is a compound that is naturally produced in the body and is also found in many foods. It is an essential nutrient for the body, especially for the heart, muscles, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of red blood cell transfusion in adults with upper gastrointestinal haemorrhage. The current evidence is limited
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of combined oral contraceptives containing drospirenone to relieve premenstrual symptoms. The current research has not been able to prove
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Chang et al. 2017 1 found that culture-specific asthma education programs were
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Music therapy has been shown to reduce anxiety, depression, and pain in patients with coronary heart disease (CHD) [1, 2]. A systematic review and meta-analysis of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of alcohol and drug screening for occupational drivers in preventing injuries. However, there is evidence that alcohol and drug use can impair driving performance and increase
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current evidence is based on a single randomized trial (NCT00111189) that compared rit
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Escitalopram is more effective and acceptable than other antidepressants for treating major depression . Escitalopram is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of polymer-based ORS over glucose-based ORS in treating acute watery diarrhoea. The Cochr
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Botulinum toxin is an effective treatment for strabismus. Botulinum toxin is a safe and effective treatment for strabismus. It is a non-surg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to find relevant studies. The search strategy included the following terms: “influenza vaccination
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Anthrax vaccines are effective in preventing the disease. Anthrax vaccines are safe and effective in preventing anthrax infection in humans. The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Apathy is a common neurobehavioral disorder after traumatic brain injury (TBI) and is associated with poor functional outcomes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to find studies that addressed the question. The search was conducted in PubMed, Embase
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that haloperidol was not effective in reducing nause
SUPPORTED. TENS is effective for acute pain in adults . TENS is a safe, non-invasive, and inexpensive method of pain relief. It is widely used in clinical practice and is recommended by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Oral contraceptives are not recommended for the treatment of functional ovarian cysts. However, they may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at simplifying treatment on adherence to glaucoma therapy. However, there is evidence that interventions aimed at simpl
SUPPORTED. Escitalopram is more effective than placebo for treating major depression . Escitalopram is more effective than other antidepressants for treating major depression .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Metronidazole is the most commonly used antiprotozoal drug for treating amoebic colitis. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effect of hormonal contraceptives on the risk of fractures in women is still controversial. Some studies have shown that the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines recommend debulking surgery as the first-line treatment for advanced ovarian cancer. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antihelminthics in the second or third trimester to improve maternal anaemia and pregnancy outcomes. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . The combination chemotherapy is effective and safe for treating high-risk gestational trophoblastic disease . The standard first-line chemotherapy for high-risk gest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The current evidence suggests that topical treatments are more effective than placebo in treating chronic plaque psoriasis. However, the evidence is of moderate quality.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that statins did not improve survival
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that homeopathic medicines are effective in preventing or treating adverse effects of cancer treatments. However, there is also no evidence that they are ineffective.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for American cutaneous and mucocutaneous leishmaniasis. The treatment of American cutaneous and mucocutaneous leishmaniasis is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antibiotic prophylaxis reduces spontaneous bacterial peritonitis and mortality in cirrhotic patients with ascites and no gastrointestinal
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: A) Parecoxib is effective in reducing acute postoperative pain compared to placebo. Parecoxib is a selective COX-2 inhibitor that
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral diclofenac is effective for treating acute postoperative pain. Diclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSA
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of NSAIDs in managing pain caused by endometriosis is not well established. Some studies have shown
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has shown that the use of laparoscopy for benign ovarian tumours is safe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of educational interventions for children and adolescents in reducing dog bite injuries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence that biomedical risk assessment improves smoking cessation rates compared to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. The sample size is small and the results are not consistent. Some studies have
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kisely et al. (2013) found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to
ENOUGH INFORMATION. A single dose of etoricoxib is effective in pain relief after surgery. Etoricoxib is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that statins did not reduce the risk of all
SUPPORTED. (moderate) There is evidence that psychological and educational interventions can help reduce alcohol consumption during pregnancy. A Cochrane review of 12 studies found that psychological and educational interventions can reduce alcohol consumption
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of electrical stimulation devices for the treatment of urinary storage and voiding problems is an area of active research. There is currently insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that immunoglobulins are effective in preventing hepatitis A. The only way to prevent hepatitis A is to get vaccinated .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The ATLS program has been shown to improve knowledge, skills, and attitudes of participants, but there is insufficient evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-term hormone therapy in older women to improve health outcomes. The Women's Health Initiative (WHI) study, a large
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is a lack of high-quality evidence on the effectiveness of psychological therapies in reducing pain in children with recurrent pain conditions. However, there is some evidence that suggests that psychological therapies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Bariatric surgery is more effective than conventional management for obesity.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that beta radiation improves the success rate of glaucoma surgery. However, the effect of beta radiation on the success rate of glaucoma surgery is not clear
SUPPORTED. Transferring two embryos during IVF increases the chances of live birth compared to transferring one embryo. The evidence suggests that the live birth rate per IVF cycle is higher when two embryos
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of progesterone for premenstrual symptoms is still controversial. Some studies have shown that progesterone can
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of combination chemotherapy for metastatic breast cancer is supported by clinical research. The National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) guidelines recommend combination chemotherapy as the first
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Three randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have been conducted to evaluate the effect of male circumcision on HIV acquisition in heterosexual men. The trials were conducted in South Africa, Kenya
SUPPORTED. Providing extra protein and energy improves nutritional status and clinical outcomes in older people at risk of malnutrition .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of statins to prevent dementia. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no significant effect of stat
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Adenotonsillectomy is effective in treating obstructive sleep apnoea in children . Adenotonsillectomy is the most effective treatment for adenotonsill
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kassim et al. 2019 1 compared the incidence of transient neurologic
REFUTED. The open retropubic colposuspension is not an effective treatment for urinary incontinence. The procedure is associated with a high risk of complications, including voiding dysfunction, blad
EFFECTIVE: (effective). The combined oral contraceptive pills are effective for managing primary dysmenorrhoea. The mechanism of action of the combined oral contraceptive pills is by inhibiting the synthesis of
ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of written information about medicines to improve patient knowledge and behaviors regarding their use.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of alpha2-adrenergic agonists in managing opioid withdrawal. The use of alpha2-adrenergic agon
REFUTED. There is no evidence that nasal decongestants are effective in relieving nasal congestion caused by the common cold. The use of nasal decongestants is not recommended in the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of postoperative hydrotubation after female pelvic reproductive surgery is not supported by the current clinical research
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of assisted hatching in IVF/ICSI cycles. The current evidence is conflicting and does not show any clear benefit of assisted
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Bell's palsy is an acute peripheral facial paralysis caused by an inflammatory lesion of the facial nerve. The standard treatment for Bell's pals
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 studies (10 RCTs and 1 observ
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  compared the effect of fallopian tube sperm perfusion with
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Pneumococcal conjugate vaccines have been shown to reduce the incidence of acute otitis media in children. The Cochrane review of 14 randomized
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Serenoa repens (also known as saw palmetto) is a popular herbal remedy for treating urinary symptoms associated with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for the treatment of severe premenstrual syndrome. However, there is some evidence that they
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Asthma education for children and their caregivers reduces the risk of future emergency department visits and hospital admissions.
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Rivastigmine is effective for treating Alzheimer's disease. Rivastigmine is a reversible acetylcholinesterase and butyrylchol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on mild hypothermia for traumatic head injury is mainly focused on the treatment of severe head injury.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of specific surgical techniques for fixing extracapsular hip fractures. The choice of surgical technique should be based on the surgeon's
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether hormone therapy with both estrogen and progestogen effectively protects against endometrial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. There are several interventions that have been shown to reduce falls in elderly people. These include multifactorial interventions, home safety assessments and modifications, exercise interventions, and medication reviews.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Vitamin D with calcium supplementation reduces the risk of hip fractures in older people .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the effectiveness of spironolactone in reducing excessive hair growth in women is limited and the results are inconsistent
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of water immersion during labor to reduce the need for epidural analgesia. However, there is some evidence that water immersion during labor may
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The publication bias is a well-known phenomenon in the medical literature. It is the tendency of authors, reviewers, and editors to preferentially publish studies with positive results. This bias can lead to overest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of memantine for Alzheimer's disease in people with Down Syndrome found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) School-based interventions can effectively promote physical activity in children and adolescents.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best method of vascular occlusion for liver resection surgery. The choice of vascular occlusion method depends on the surgeon's preference and experience.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  showed that there is no clear evidence that ischaemic preconditioning is effective
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence). Acupuncture is effective in reducing headache frequency for tension-type headaches.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial data on the efficacy of MLN-02 in ulcerative colitis. Therefore, it is not possible to say whether MLN-02 is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of botulinum toxin type A for the treatment of benign masseter hypertrophy is a new field
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that treating neonatal hyperglycemia improves outcomes for very low birth weight infants. The current research has not provided enough information to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intravitreal steroids are used to treat macular edema caused by central retinal vein occlusion. However
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review of 10 studies found that vocational rehabilitation programs can help people with multiple sclerosis return to work . The review found that the programs were effective in improving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that antiretroviral chemoprophylaxis is effective in preventing HIV infection in high-risk individuals. The only randomized controlled trial (RCT) that evaluated the eff
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness and safety of donepezil for people with Down syndrome who develop Alzheimer's dementia. However, there is evidence that donepezil
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of thiol derivatives for treating cystic fibrosis. However, there is some evidence that thiol derivatives can help reduce the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are some studies that have compared the effectiveness of bioresorbable fixation systems to titanium systems in managing facial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that erythropoietin reduces the need for blood transfusions in colorectal cancer surgery. However, there is evidence that erythropo
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding oral lactoferrin to antibiotics improves outcomes for neonates with sepsis or NEC. However, there is insufficient evidence to
SUPPORTED. Social franchising has been shown to improve access to and quality of health services in low- and middle-income countries. Social franchising is a type of private-sector engagement in which private health facilities affiliate
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that cytoreductive surgery is more effective than other palliative treatments for patients with non-resectable liver metastases from gastro-entero-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific fetal surveillance regimen for pregnancies with impaired fetal growth. The optimal surveillance regimen for pregnancies with impaired fet
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no direct evidence comparing the efficacy of pulsed dactinomycin and weekly methotrexate in treating low risk GTN. However, there is indirect evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Formoterol is a long-acting β2-adrenergic agonist that relaxes airway smooth muscles and improves airflow. Inhaled corticoster
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the practice of testing for thrombophilia after a venous thromboembolism to reduce the risk of recurrent VTE. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend cholecystectomy for patients with gallbladder polyps unless the polyps are sympt
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, beta-blockers are used in the treatment of heart failure in adults. The use of beta-blockers in children with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of amfetamine for the treatment of ADHD in people with intellectual disabilities is not recommended due to the lack
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research comparing the benefits of decompressive surgery and steroid treatment alone for nerve damage in leprosy. Therefore, it is not possible to answer this question based on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The optimal dose of thyroid hormone replacement for treating congenital hypothyroidism is not clear. The current guidelines recommend a high dose of thyroid hormone replacement for treating con
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychosocial interventions are effective in reducing fatigue in cancer patients undergoing treatment .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The clamp-crush technique is a surgical method used to reduce blood loss during liver resections. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of this technique in reducing blood
EFFECTIVE: . Dance therapy is effective for people with schizophrenia. Dance therapy can improve the negative symptoms of schizophrenia and the quality of life of patients with schizophrenia. Dance therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2018  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend antiviral treatment for recurrent hepatitis C infection after liver transplantation. However, there
SUPPORTED. TEVAR is more effective than conventional open surgery for treating thoracic aortic aneurysms . TEVAR is associated with lower mortality and morbidity rates than open surgery. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al.  compared postoperative pain between Ligasure and conventional hemorrhoidect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has not been able to prove the benefit or harm of cataract surgery for patients with age-related macular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of iron supplementation in children infected with HIV. Iron supplementation may increase the risk of malaria and bacterial infections in children with HIV.
SUPPORTED. The current evidence suggests that interventions such as antiretroviral therapy (ART) and early initiation of breastfeeding can effectively reduce the risk of HIV transmission from mother to child after birth.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of alkylating agents in treating Waldenstrom's macroglobulinaemia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Aciclovir is not recommended for routine prophylaxis in cancer patients with HSV infections. However, it may be considered in patients with high-risk for HSV in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence to support the use of metformin in adolescents with type 1 diabetes. The American Diabetes Association recommends that metformin should not be used
SUPPORTED. Anthracyclines are the most effective chemotherapy agents for childhood cancer. They are used in the treatment of many types of childhood cancer, including leukemia, lymphoma, and solid tum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is currently no clinical trial data on the efficacy of subcutaneous interferon in the treatment of primary progressive multiple sclerosis. However, there is evidence that sub
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 2,165 women
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Chang et al. 2017 1 found that culture-specific asthma education programs were
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The robotic assistant is not as widely used as the human assistant in laparoscopic cholecystectomy.
SUPPORTED. Virtual reality training can effectively supplement traditional laparoscopic surgical training .
SUPPORTED. Kinship care placement is associated with better safety and well-being outcomes for children removed from their homes due to maltreatment compared to other forms of out-of-home care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzodiazepines in the treatment of non-alcohol withdrawal related delirium. However, benzodiazepines are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there are some studies that have compared the effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of sedation and general anaesthesia for
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Methotrexate is effective in treating high-grade osteosarcoma in children and young adults. Methotrexate is a chemotherapy drug that is commonly
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of omega-3 fatty acids for maintaining remission in Crohn's disease. However, the evidence is insufficient to
SUPPORTED. A low glycaemic index diet can improve blood sugar control in people with diabetes .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective drug treatment for spinal muscular atrophy type II and III. The only approved treatment is nusinersen, a modified antisense oligonuc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective drug treatment for spinal muscular atrophy type I. The only approved treatment is nusinersen, a modified antisense oligonucleot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is no established optimal treatment for pemphigus vulgaris and pemphigus foliaceus.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support vision screening interventions for older drivers to prevent road traffic injuries and fatalities.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of driving assessment in helping people with dementia continue driving safely. However, driving assessment is recommended to identify the level of impairment and to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The question is too broad. The time of mobilisation after stroke is a very important factor. There is no clear definition of what is considered very
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. ALS is a heterogeneous disease with a complex genetic background. The genetic causes of familial ALS are well known, but
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) guidelines recommend radiotherapy alone or radiotherapy combined with chemotherapy for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current standard of care for advanced ovarian cancer is surgery followed by platinum-based chemotherapy. However, there is no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that hormone therapy for post-surgical menopause in women with endometriosis leads to pain and disease recurrence. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of advance treatment directives in improving outcomes for people with severe mental illness. Advance treatment directives are legal documents that outline a person's preferences
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxytocin receptor antagonists to prevent preterm birth after an episode of preterm labour. The Cochrane review on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Corticosteroid injections are effective for treating trigger finger in adults. Corticosteroid injections are effective for treating trigger finger in adults. A systematic review of 11 randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the effectiveness of antibiotics for the treatment of breast abscesses in breastfeeding women showed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Granulocyte transfusions are used to treat patients with severe neutropenia, but their effectiveness in preventing mortality
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions aimed at increasing health professionals in underserved areas. The effectiveness of interventions to increase the number of health professionals in underserved areas is
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Pulmonary rehabilitation after COPD exacerbations reduces future hospital admissions and improves patient outcomes. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Anakinra is an effective treatment for rheumatoid arthritis . Anakinra is a recombinant human IL-1 receptor antagonist that blocks the activity of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Patient education is beneficial for adults with neck pain. Patient education is a broad term that encompasses a variety of interventions, including written information, verbal information, and practical training
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Paracervical anaesthesia is effective for pain control during cervical dilatation and uterine intervention. Paracervical anaesthesia is a regional
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of image-guided aspiration in addition to metronidazole for the treatment of uncomplicated amoebic liver abscess
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of shorter duration antibiotics for treating children with acute GABHS pharyngitis. The optimal duration of antibiotic therapy for ac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend pharmacological treatment for idiopathic hypercalciuria. However, the guidelines recommend that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that street lighting reduces injuries from road traffic crashes. The effect of street lighting on reducing injuries from road traffic crashes is not clear.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Adjuvant chemotherapy with platinum and taxane agents improves progression-free survival (PFS) and overall survival (OS) in patients with early-stage epithel
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Magnesium sulphate is effective as a neuroprotective treatment for fetuses at risk of preterm birth. Magnesium sulphate is a neuroprotective agent that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of ear drops for removing symptomatic ear wax. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether ear drops are effective for removing symptomatic ear
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The main reason is that there is no clinical trial comparing the bioresorbable implants with non-resorbable implants for fracture
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
SUPPORTED. Physical rehabilitation interventions improve physical function in older people in long-term care. Physical rehabilitation interventions are effective in improving physical function in older people in long-term care .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral naproxen is effective for treating acute postoperative pain in adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Structured postnatal education can improve outcomes for new parents and their infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intrarectal quinine for treating malaria in children. The Cochrane review of the use of intravenous, intram
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. Inhaled insulin is not currently recommended for the management of diabetes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxygen therapy to improve the longevity or quality of life for individuals with cystic fibrosis. However, oxygen therapy is used
SUPPORTED. Immediate loading of dental implants is a procedure in which the implant is loaded with a prosthetic restoration immediately after implant placement. This procedure has been shown to be safe and effective in several clinical studies.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that estrogen replacement therapy improves cognitive function in postmenopausal women with dementia. The Women's Health Initiative Memory Study (WHIMS) was a randomized
REFUTED. Transmyocardial laser revascularization is not effective in treating refractory angina . The COSIRA trial was a multicenter, randomized, controlled trial that included 105 patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
RERUPTURE: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that open operative treatment reduces the risk of rerupture in acute Achilles tendon ruptures compared to non-oper
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for HUS and TTP. The treatment is mainly supportive. Plasma exchange is effective in some cases of TTP.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic antibiotics or anti-inflammatory drugs to reduce the number and severity of infections in patients with l
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Acetylcysteine and carbocysteine are not recommended for the treatment of respiratory infections in children without chronic lung disease. There is insufficient evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of randomized controlled trials of Ginkgo biloba for cognitive decline in the elderly found that there was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Amphetamine psychosis is a condition in which a person experiences paranoia, hallucinations, and delusions after
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing enteral and parenteral nutrition in patients undergoing bone marrow trans
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that there was no difference in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Non-invasive ventilation (NIV) is a treatment that uses a ventilator to deliver air through a mask to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The clinical research on the effectiveness of common interventions for treating tears of the rotator cuff in adults is limited and conflicting. Some studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Krause et al. 2018  found that there is a lack of high-quality studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that foot orthoses were not effective in treating patellofemoral pain syndrome . However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that one antibiotic is superior to another in the treatment of spontaneous bacterial peritonitis in cirrhotic patients. The choice of antibiotic should
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nursing record systems to improve nursing practice and patient outcomes. However, the use of nursing record systems can improve the efficiency of nursing work and reduce the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of carbamazepine for treating cocaine dependence. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is insufficient evidence
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
SUPPORTED. Inhaled corticosteroids are effective in reducing lung inflammation in cystic fibrosis patients. Inhaled corticosteroids have been shown to reduce inflammation in the airways
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Lifestyle interventions are effective in reducing obesity in children and adolescents. A systematic review of 34 studies involving 2,671 children and adolescents
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous immunoglobulin in the treatment of chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropath
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of paracetamol with codeine for postoperative pain relief. The current research has shown that paracetamol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that newborn screening for cystic fibrosis improves clinical outcomes or quality of life. However, there is evidence that newborn screening for cystic fib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Corticosteroids are effective in reducing mortality in acute exacerbations of COPD.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend therapeutic hypothermia for patients with acute stroke. However, the guidelines do not exclude
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence). Acupuncture is effective for reducing headache frequency in patients with migraine.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of neoadjuvant and adjuvant therapies for hepatocellular carcinoma. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials showed that
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antibiotics reduce the risk of surgical wound infections in colorectal surgery. Antibiotics are effective in reducing the risk of surgical site infections (SSIs
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Postnatal corticosteroid treatment is beneficial for preventing chronic lung disease in preterm infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of late postnatal corticosteroids in preterm infants with chronic lung disease. The Cochrane review by Reddy et al.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that targeting a specific blood oxygen level in preterm infants will affect their health outcomes. The optimal blood oxygen level in preterm infants is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on mild hypothermia in traumatic head injury is mainly focused on the treatment of severe head injury.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) are not recommended for the treatment of bronchiectasis in adults and children. However, there is a lack of high-quality evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of vitamin C for asthma found no clear evidence of benefit . However, the
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Vaccines are effective in preventing tick-borne encephalitis. Tick-borne encephalitis (TBE) is a viral disease caused by the tick-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines recommend breast conserving surgery for DCIS. However, the role of radiotherapy in the treatment of DC
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that involving primary care professionals in diabetes care improves patient outcomes compared to specialist follow-up.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that on-site mental health workers improve the clinical behavior of primary care providers. However, there is evidence that on-site mental health workers can improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that treating varicoceles improves pregnancy rates in subfertile couples. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Compression therapy is effective in the treatment of venous leg ulcers .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of multiple doses of surfactant in premature infants with respiratory distress syndrome. The optimal number of doses of surfactant
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Episiotomy is associated with an increased risk of perineal trauma, postpartum hemorrhage, and perineal pain. There is no evidence that restrictive use of
SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials)
SUPPORTED. (clozapine is more effective than typical antipsychotic drugs for treating schizophrenia). Clozapine is a second-generation antipsychotic drug that is more effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of amnioinfusion in cases of meconium-stained amniotic fluid. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case series
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that technical editing improves the quality of biomedical research articles. However, it is important to note that technical editing can improve the clarity and readability of manuscripts
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of organisational interventions on health outcomes for persons with an intellectual disability.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Pelvic floor muscle training (PFMT) is effective in preventing urinary incontinence in women during and after pregnancy. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized
SUPPORTED. Temozolomide is a chemotherapeutic agent that has been shown to improve overall survival in patients with high-grade glioma when added to radiation therapy and chemotherapy . The European Organization for Research and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the effectiveness of different types of absorbent products for managing moderate-heavy incontinence. The Cochrane systematic review by Kellogg et al.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The serum galactomannan test is effective for diagnosing invasive aspergillosis in immunocompromised patients. The serum galactomannan test is
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Early laparoscopic cholecystectomy reduces complications for patients with biliary colic. The current guidelines recommend early laparoscopic cholecystectomy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Relaxation techniques are effective in reducing depressive symptoms .
SUPPORTED. (renin inhibitors lower blood pressure more effectively than placebo in treating primary hypertension) . Renin inhibitors are effective in lowering blood pressure in patients with primary hypertension.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial data on the efficacy of hematopoietic stem cell transplantation in Gaucher disease. However, there are case reports of successful hemat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The literature is limited to case reports and case series. There are no randomized controlled trials comparing the open and closed techniques for uncover
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the association between regular use of formoterol and the risk of serious adverse events in patients with chronic asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that peer support telephone calls improve health outcomes. However, there is evidence that peer support telephone calls can improve patient satisfaction and reduce anxiety and depression.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Electromechanical and robot-assisted arm training improves arm function and strength in stroke patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ramsay Hunt syndrome is a peripheral facial neuropathy caused by reactivation of the varicella-zoster virus. The syndrome is characterized by facial weakness, facial num
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Platinum-based chemotherapy is more effective than non-platinum chemotherapy for treating small cell lung cancer. Platinum-based chemotherapy is the standard of care for patients with extensive-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether knowing the results of the fetal fibronectin test can help prevent preterm birth.
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based) The current treatment of POEMS syndrome is based on the treatment of the underlying plasma cell dyscrasia and the management of the end-organ damage. The mainstay of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of non-pharmacological interventions in treating antenatal depression.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Radiotherapy is effective for treating metastatic epidural spinal cord compression.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mouthrinses in reducing bad breath.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Acyclovir is not recommended for the treatment of primary herpetic gingivostomatitis. However, it is
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Low molecular weight heparin is effective in preventing venous thromboembolism in patients with lower leg immobilization .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of reminder systems and late patient tracers to improve tuberculosis treatment outcomes. However, there is evidence that patient-centered interventions
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Benzodiazepines are effective for treating catatonia. Benzodiazepines are the first-line treatment for catatonia. The use of benzodiazep
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of bone marrow-derived stem cells for the treatment of acute myocardial infarction is still controversial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 studies (10 observational studies and 1 RCT) including 1,08
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The use of quantitative cultures of respiratory secretions to diagnose ventilator-associated pneumonia is not recommended. However, the use of quantitative cultures of resp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulized hypertonic saline solution in infants with acute viral bronchiolitis. A systematic review by Kho et
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of acupuncture for RLS found that the evidence was insufficient to support the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review by Torabinejad et al. 2013  showed that there was no significant
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Physical training improves exercise capacity and quality of life in people with interstitial lung disease. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials with 622 participants showed
SUPPORTED. Adrenaline is the first-line treatment for anaphylaxis. It is effective in treating anaphylaxis by constricting blood vessels and counteracting the effects of histamine .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Propofol is a short-acting intravenous anesthetic that has been used for sedation during colonoscopy. However, there is no clear evidence that propofol is
SUPPORTED. Mupirocin nasal ointment reduces S. aureus nasal carriage and infection rates in both healthy individuals and patients with chronic wounds, burns, or cystic fibrosis . However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of parenteral calcium in critically ill patients in the ICU. The use of parenteral calcium in critically ill
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Probiotics are live microorganisms that are intended to have health benefits. Probiotics are available as supplements and in some foods. Probiotics have been studied for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether interventions for psychotic symptoms in people with epilepsy improve their overall condition.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral nutritional supplements to help people recover from tuberculosis treatment. However, there is some evidence that vitamin D supplementation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Azithromycin is not more effective than other antibiotics for treating uncomplicated enteric fever. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of azithromycin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines recommend debulking surgery as the first-line treatment for advanced ovarian cancer. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that one treatment strategy is more effective than another for cryptococcal meningitis in HIV-infected adults. The current standard of care is amphoteric
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antimotility agents in the management of chronic diarrhoea in people with HIV/AIDS. The use of antimotility
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of chuanxiong for acute ischemic stroke showed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no relevant clinical research on the effectiveness and safety of dengzhanhua preparations for the treatment of acute cerebral infarction. Therefore, it is not possible
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether there is a difference in maternal and neonatal morbidity between trial of instrumental vaginal delivery in theatre and immediate caesarean section.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that beta blockers did not significantly affect walking distance in patients with intermittent cl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to improve outpatient referral rates. However, there are several interventions that have been shown to improve referral rates in other settings
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The use of a partogram has been shown to improve maternal and perinatal outcomes during labor. The partogram is a simple tool that can be used to monitor the progress of labor and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium is a divalent cation that plays a role in many physiological processes, including energy metabolism, neuromuscular transmission, and blood pressure regulation. It
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: 1B) Thromboprophylaxis reduces the incidence of DVT in patients undergoing knee arthroscopy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that avoiding bottle feeds during breastfeeding establishment improves breastfeeding success. However, it is important to note that the introduction of a bottle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of increased police patrols targeting alcohol-impaired driving in reducing traffic injuries and crashes.
REFUTED. There is no benefit from using spectacles or occlusion to treat unilateral refractive amblyopia. The current evidence suggests that occlusion is not effective in treating unilateral refractive amb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antenatal psychosocial assessment to improve perinatal mental health outcomes. However, there is some evidence that psychosocial assessment can identify women
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Patient education is beneficial for adults with neck pain. Patient education is a broad term that encompasses a variety of interventions, including written information, verbal information, and practical training
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Bisphosphonates have been shown to increase bone mineral density in people with osteogenesis imperfecta .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the use of honey to speed up the healing of wounds. However, honey has been shown to be effective in treating wounds in some cases.
SUPPORTED. Surgical treatment is more effective than conservative treatment for odontoid fractures . This is supported by a systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 11 coh
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for Old World cutaneous leishmaniasis. The current treatment is based on antimonials, amphotericin B, pentamidine,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of acupuncture for epilepsy found that the evidence was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in improving outcomes for opioid detoxification when combined with pharmacological treatments.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A quit and win contest is a type of financial incentive for smoking cessation. The evidence for the effectiveness of financial incentives
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016 found that there was insufficient evidence to determine whether lower doses of
LABEL: SUPPORTED. ACTs are recommended for the treatment of uncomplicated falciparum malaria in pregnant women. The recommended regimens are artesunate-amodiaquine, artes
REFUTED: There is no evidence that active management of labour reduces caesarean section rates in low-risk women. The active management of labour is associated with an increase in the rate of caesarean section.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychological interventions in reducing sexual offending behaviors in convicted individuals.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ventilation tubes to reduce the frequency of recurrent ear infections in children. The decision to insert ventilation tubes should be made on
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The use of protein substitute is a cornerstone of the treatment of phenylketonuria. The use of protein substitute is associated with improved growth, cognitive function, and quality of life in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether midwife-led models of care are better for childbearing women and their infants compared to other models. The current research has shown that mid
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that the efficacy of paracetamol for ac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The systematic review of the clinical efficacy and safety of tongxinluo capsule in the treatment of acute ischa
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of calcium antagonists on muscle function in people with Duchenne muscular dystrophy. However, there is some evidence that calci
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The effectiveness of combination injectable contraceptives in preventing pregnancy is supported by clinical research. The most recent Cochrane review of the effectiveness of injectable contraceptives showed that dep
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (insufficient evidence for the question in current research).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The method of cleansing and dressing percutaneous pin sites is not a well-defined concept. The method of cleansing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that fluoroquinolones are more effective than other antibiotics for treating enteric fever. However, the evidence is insufficient to refute the hypothesis that fluoro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that folic acid supplementation did not improve cognitive
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that land-based therapeutic exercise is beneficial for reducing knee pain in people with osteoarthritis. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 random
SUPPORTED. Exercise has been shown to improve symptoms of depression in several studies. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 16 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that exercise significantly reduced depressive symptoms compared
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A single dose of celecoxib is not effective for relieving moderate to severe postoperative pain. However, celecox
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question. The effectiveness of low-dose estrogen contraceptives is not well studied. However, there is evidence that low-dose est
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the association between combination contraceptive use and weight gain. The effect of contraceptive use on weight gain is complex and depends on the type of
SUPPORTED. ACE inhibitors effectively lower blood pressure in patients with primary hypertension. (The use of ACE inhibitors is recommended in the treatment of hypertension. ACE inhibitors are effective in reducing blood
SUPPORTED. Angiotensin receptor blockers effectively lower blood pressure compared to placebo in treating primary hypertension. Angiotensin receptor blockers are a class of antihypertensive drugs that work
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Radiotherapy is an effective treatment for breast cancer and is associated with improved long-term survival. Radiotherapy is used after breast-conserving surgery or mastectomy to reduce the risk of local
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based) . The current evidence suggests that intraoperative interventions such as goal-directed fluid therapy, kidney-sparing anesthetic techniques, and normothermia can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled fluticasone propionate at higher doses compared to lower doses for the improvement of asthma control.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antidepressants for the treatment of depression in stroke patients. However, there is evidence that antidepressants are effective in treating depression in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions in reducing the severity of coughing in whooping cough.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that care home environments improve rehabilitation outcomes for older people compared to hospital or home environments.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Inhaled fluticasone propionate is effective for treating chronic asthma compared to placebo. The Cochrane review of 2016 included 10
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Amphetamine psychosis is a condition in which a person experiences paranoia, hallucinations, and delusions after
LABEL: SUPPORTED. TENS is more effective than placebo for managing chronic low-back pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to improve communication with children and adolescents about their cancer and treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing enteral and parenteral nutrition in patients undergoing bone marrow trans
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the use of aromatherapy or massage to improve the quality of life of cancer patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sodium cromoglycate is not recommended for the treatment of asthma in children. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of sodium
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of silver-impregnated dressings is associated with a shorter time to healing of superficial partial thickness burns compared with non-silver dressings . The use of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The combination of chemotherapy and radiotherapy is effective for improving survival rates in children with early Hodgkin's disease.
SUPPORTED. Massage therapy can help reduce non-specific low-back pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend ultrasound surveillance for patients with small abdominal aortic aneurysms.
SUPPORTED. Pit and fissure sealants are effective in preventing caries in children and adolescents . The Cochrane review of 2015  showed that pit and fissure sealants can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Surgery is the standard treatment for symptomatic rectal prolapse. The benefits of surgery include symptom resolution, improved quality of life, and reduced risk of recurrence. The risks
SUPPORTED. There is sufficient evidence that interventions are effective in reducing children's exposure to environmental tobacco smoke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pressure-relieving surfaces to reduce the incidence of pressure ulcers compared to standard support surfaces. The use of pressure-relieving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oestrogens and progestins for the prevention or treatment of postpartum depression. The current research is limited to a few studies with
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: 1B) Surgical treatment is more effective than non-surgical treatment for carpal tunnel syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of late pregnancy ultrasound in low-risk pregnancies. The current evidence is limited to observational studies and does not provide sufficient information
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Vaccination against Pseudomonas aeruginosa has been shown to be effective in reducing the incidence of Pseudomonas aeruginosa infections in cystic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence of the benefit of surgical treatment over non-surgical treatment for calcaneal fractures. The current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion. The current
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Exercise programmes improve symptoms of leg pain from intermittent claudication. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,0
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2013  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Adjuvant chemotherapy with anthracycline-based chemotherapy regimens improves survival in women with early breast cancer. (evidence) Adjuvant chemotherapy
SUPPORTED. Adjuvant tamoxifen improves survival in women with ER-positive breast cancer. The Early Breast Cancer Trialists' Collaborative Group (EBCTCG) meta-analysis of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that weight-loss diets help lower blood pressure in overweight hypertensive adults.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) St John's Wort is effective for treating major depression. St John's Wort is effective for treating major depression, with a number needed to treat of 10 (number
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that performing carotid endarterectomy under local anaesthetic reduces perioperative risks compared to general anaesthetic. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Continuity of care during pregnancy and childbirth is defined as the relationship between the woman and the health care provider over time. It is a multidimensional concept that includes the following aspects
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Anticoagulant therapy improves outcomes in patients with acute ischaemic stroke. Anticoagulant therapy is effective in preventing recurrent stroke in patients with non-valvular atrial f
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Clinical trials are designed to compare the efficacy of an intervention to a control group. The control group may be a placebo or a standard treatment. It is not possible to determine whether
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is a safe procedure for selected patients. The procedure is associated with lower postoperative complications, shorter hospital stay, and faster recovery
SUPPORTED. Hepatitis B vaccination is beneficial for people who are not previously exposed to the virus. The hepatitis B vaccine is highly effective in preventing hepatitis B infection and its complications. It has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,0
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin K for patients with liver disease and upper gastrointestinal bleeding. However, there is evidence that vitamin K is effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant supplements for the prevention of gastrointestinal cancers. The use of antioxidant supplements
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Behavioural and cognitive behavioural interventions are effective for reducing aggressive behaviour in people with learning disabilities. Aggressive behaviour is a common problem in people with learning disabilities,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of ursodeoxycholic acid in patients with primary biliary cirrhosis. However, there is a lack of high-quality evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Somatostatin and its analogues have been used to treat bleeding oesophageal varices. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of somatostatin or
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Vigabatrin is effective in reducing seizure frequency in people with drug-resistant partial epilepsy. Vigabatrin is a GABA transaminase inhibitor
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current clinical research on chemotherapeutic wafers for high grade glioma is limited and the results are inconclusive. Some
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether using combination antimicrobial susceptibility testing improves treatment outcomes for acute pulmonary exacerbations in cystic fibrosis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has shown that ovulation trigger drugs can induce ovulation, but there is no research on whether ovulation trigger drugs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of antifibrinolytic agents to reduce blood loss in children undergoing scoliosis surgery. Therefore, it is not possible to answer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Personal assistance is a broad term that encompasses a variety of interventions, including personal care, home care, and community care. The effectiveness of these interventions varies depending on the specific needs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in addition to antiviral therapy for Ramsay Hunt syndrome. However, the use of corticosteroids in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that psychosocial interventions are effective for improving outcomes in pregnant women with alcohol use issues.
EFFECTIVE: Laser peripheral iridoplasty is effective for treating narrow angles and angle-closure conditions .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of preconception counselling in improving pregnancy outcomes for women with epilepsy. However, the current evidence suggests that women with epilepsy should
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Cochrane in 2017  showed that there was no difference in the rate of perineal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The single deepest vertical pocket measurement and the amniotic fluid index are both methods for assessing amniotic fluid volume. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adjunctive therapies for improving cognitive performance or quality of life in patients with AIDS dementia complex. However, there is some evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 10 studies found that physical activity programs can improve physical function and reduce depression in older persons with dementia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of structured risk assessment tools to reduce the incidence of pressure ulcers. The use of structured risk assessment tools has been shown to improve the identification of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of active chest physiotherapy in mechanically ventilated infants compared to suction alone. A Cochrane review in 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that open mesh repair is more effective than suture repair for incisional hernias. The current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of uterine massage in reducing postpartum blood loss. However, there is a lack of high-quality research on this topic.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of culturally appropriate diabetes health education on outcomes for people with type 2 diabetes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is not sufficient to determine whether tubal surgery improves livebirth rates compared to expectant management or IVF
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mechanical traction for the treatment of neck pain. However, the use of mechanical traction is not recommended for the treatment of neck pain due to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that surgery for post-vitrectomy cataract is beneficial for visual acuity and quality of life. However, the decision to perform surgery should be made on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on the safety of salmeterol in asthma found that there was no evidence of an increased
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Pelargonium sidoides for treating acute respiratory infections. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that there is
SUPPORTED. Long acting insulin preparations improve glucose control in type 1 diabetes patients. Long-acting insulin preparations have been shown to improve glycemic control and reduce the risk of hypog
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intranasal corticosteroids in children with moderate to severe adenoidal hypertrophy. The current literature is limited to case
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Physical therapy is effective for treating Bell's palsy. Bell's palsy is a common form of facial paralysis. The most common cause of Bell's pals
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical research)
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2013  included 11 RCTs with a total of 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of nicotine receptor partial agonists, such as varenicline and bupropion, has been shown to increase the likelihood of quitting smoking compared to place
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2015 included 11 RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of antenatal breast examinations in initiating breastfeeding in pregnant women. However, it is important to note that breast examination during pregnancy is recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Target-controlled infusion (TCI) of propofol is a computer-controlled infusion system that automatically adjusts the infusion rate of propofol to maintain a pre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A study by the University of Utah found that there was no significant difference in the mortality rate between the two groups . However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in preventing psychological disorders in law enforcement officers.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Rehabilitation after an ankle fracture is effective in improving recovery. Rehabilitation after ankle fracture is effective in improving the range of motion, muscle strength, and functional outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral zinc supplementation for the treatment of diarrhoea in children. However, zinc supplementation is recommended for children with persistent
SUPPORTED. . Bicycle helmet legislation increases helmet use and reduces head injuries.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of adjuvant therapy in stage II colon cancer has been shown to improve disease-free survival in multiple randomized controlled trials. The National Institutes of Health (NIH) conducted
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Physical activity aimed at improving cardiorespiratory fitness benefits cognitive function in older adults. A systematic review of 30 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Antithrombin III is a serine protease inhibitor that inactivates several procoagulant factors, including thrombin and factor Xa. It is used to treat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no research on the effectiveness of interventions in the alcohol server setting to reduce injuries.
SUPPORTED. . There is evidence that drug therapy can relieve pain in ALS. The most commonly used drugs are opioids, antidepressants, anticonvulsants, and muscle relaxants. The use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no evidence of the effectiveness of HBOT for migraine pro
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Dietary advice is effective in preventing type 2 diabetes in adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that influenza vaccination can prevent coronary heart disease. However, influenza vaccination can reduce the risk of influenza infection and its complications, which may indirectly
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in improving outcomes for opioid detoxification.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has not been able to prove the effectiveness of occlusal interventions in adults with periodontitis. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of self-care, dressings, and footwear in the prevention and healing of skin damage in people with leprosy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that luteal phase support increases the pregnancy rate after assisted
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support or refute this question. There is evidence that policy interventions in sporting settings can help increase physical activity levels, but there is not enough evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The method of delivering the placenta during a caesarean section is not well studied. The current literature is limited to the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of one surgical technique over another for caesarean sections. The choice of surgical technique for caesarean section should be based
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has not been able to prove the effectiveness of vitamin B in the treatment of peripheral neuropathy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that printed educational materials improve the behavior of healthcare professionals.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no clinical research on the effect of competitions and incentives on long-term smoking cessation rates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychological interventions for women with metastatic breast cancer. However, there is evidence that psychological interventions can improve quality of life and reduce anxiety
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether treating ketosis in women during labor with intravenous fluids or increased oral intake improves outcomes for mothers and babies.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of commonly used treatments for meralgia paraesthetica in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. Peribulbar and retrobulbar anaesthesia are both effective for cataract surgery. However, peribul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . Valproate is not recommended for the treatment of schizophrenia. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has not approved valproate for the treatment of schiz
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Chitosan is a polysaccharide that has been studied for its potential weight loss effects. Some studies have found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antimicrobial interventions to reduce Staphylococcus aureus in atopic eczema. The current evidence is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that low-fat diets help people maintain long-term weight loss better than other diets. The evidence suggests that low-fat di
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is not enough information to answer this question. The success of bone augmentation techniques for dental implants is typically measured by implant survival rate, marginal bone loss, and patient satisfaction.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best surgical technique for dental implants. The choice of technique depends on various factors, including the type of implant, the condition of the jawbone, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Focal segmental glomerulosclerosis (FSGS) is a cause of nephrotic syndrome and end-stage kidney disease. The pathogenesis of FSGS
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. TENS is effective for managing chronic pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychological interventions for cystic fibrosis. A systematic review by Brosnan et al. (2018)  included
SUPPORTED. Exercise and diet interventions can reduce the risk of developing type 2 diabetes. The Diabetes Prevention Program (DPP) study showed that a lifestyle intervention program that included a combination of diet and exercise
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of computerized advice on drug dosage to improve health outcomes. However, there is some evidence that computerized advice on drug dosage can reduce the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin E in treating Alzheimer's disease or preventing Mild Cognitive Impairment from progressing to Alzheimer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review of the literature found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the effectiveness of home intravenous
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Lorazepam is effective for the treatment of acute tonic-clonic convulsions in children. Lorazepam is a first-line treatment for acute seizures in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The varicella vaccine is effective in preventing chickenpox in children. However, the vaccine does not completely prevent chickenpox in children. The vaccine reduces the severity of the disease
SUPPORTED. Injection therapy is more effective than placebo for low-back pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of erythromycin in preventing feeding intolerance in preterm infants. A Cochrane review in 2018
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 2015  showed that there is no evidence to support the use of decongest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of recordings or summaries of medical consultations to help cancer patients and their families. However, there is some evidence that audio recordings of consult
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal duration of antibiotic treatment for uncomplicated urinary tract infections in elderly women is not well established. A short
REFUTED. There is no evidence that antibiotics prevent measles complications. In fact, antibiotics may increase the risk of complications in children with measles. Antibiotics are not indicated for the treatment
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Topiramate is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant partial epilepsy. Topiramate is effective in reducing seizure frequency in patients with drug-res
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ECMO) is more effective than conventional ventilatory support for infants with severe respiratory failure . The use of ECMO in
SUPPORTED. Multi-component strategies effectively reduce smoking in public places. Multi-component strategies include a combination of different measures, such as legislation, education, media campaigns, and enforcement. These strategies have been shown to be effective in
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Behavioral interventions, including individual, group, and community-based approaches, have been shown to be effective in reducing unprotected anal sex among men who have sex with men .
SUPPORTED. Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is effective in reducing symptoms of chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) . A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that treating varicoceles improves pregnancy rates in subfertile couples. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
SUPPORTED. Operative treatment is more effective than conservative treatment for hip fractures .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of oral budesonide for induction of rem
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on the use of heparinoids for acute ischaemic stroke showed that there is a lack
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the choice of implants for treating extracapsular hip fractures. The choice of implants is based on the surgeon's experience and preference.
REFUTED. The current evidence does not support the use of antischistosomal drugs for treating urinary schistosomiasis. The current evidence suggests that praziquantel is not effective against S.
SUPPORTED. Antiplatelet therapy improves outcomes in patients with acute ischaemic stroke. Antiplatelet therapy is the standard of care in the treatment of acute ischaemic stroke. Antiplatelet
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antioxidant supplements improve survival rates. The use of antioxidant supplements in cancer patients is controversial. Some studies suggest that antiox
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding chemotherapy to surgery and radiotherapy improves overall survival in adults with newly diagnosed AO or AOA. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of five-alpha-reductase inhibitors in preventing prostate cancer. The use of five-alpha-reductase inhibitors is indicated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support or refute this statement.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of communication strategies to improve consumer understanding of contraceptive effectiveness.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Personal assistance is a broad term that encompasses a variety of services and supports, including personal care, social support, and assistance with activities of daily living. It is difficult to compare the effectiveness
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of allopurinol in newborns with suspected hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy. The use of allop
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Corticosteroids are effective for inducing remission in Crohn's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. DPP-4 inhibitors have beneficial effects for patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. DPP-4 inhibitors are a class of oral hypoglycemic drugs that are widely used in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that pentoxyfilline influences the progression of diabetic retinopathy. The effect of pentoxyfilline on the progression of diabetic retinopathy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effect of vasodilator drugs on primary Raynaud's phenomenon in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal duration of intravenous antibiotic therapy in treating chest exacerphorations in cystic fibrosis is
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Locomotor training has been shown to improve walking function in people with spinal cord injury.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM) is a common metabolic disorder during pregnancy. The incidence of GDM is increasing worldwide, and the prevalence is 10
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical research on the effect of vitamin C on tetanus. However, vitamin C is known to have antioxidant properties and may be beneficial in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that low molecular weight heparin is more effective than oral anticoagulants for treating venous thromboembolism in cancer patients. The choice of
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Clinical pathways are effective in managing chronic cough in children. Clinical pathways are a set of guidelines that outline the steps and procedures for managing a specific condition. They can help to standardize
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to determine whether one laparoscopic entry technique is safer than another in terms of reducing complications.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Chang et al. 2017 1 found that culture-specific asthma education programs were
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing dopamine agonists with levodopa for early Parkinson'
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aspirin in the prevention of thrombotic events in patients with polycythaemia vera or essential thrombocytha
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The clinical research on the effectiveness of oral paliperidone for schizophrenia is limited. A randomized controlled trial (RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the impact of providing additional money to disadvantaged families on children's health and well-being.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of exhaled nitric oxide (FeNO) as a biomarker for asthma control has been extensively studied. FeNO is a non-invasive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Huangqi type formulations in treating nephrotic syndrome. However, Huangqi type formulations have been used in traditional
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioid antagonists in the treatment of opioid-induced bowel dysfunction. The current evidence is limited to small observ
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of maintenance treatment for pregnant women with opiate dependence to improve child health outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the method of anaesthesia used during one-lung ventilation affects patient outcomes. The choice of general or regional anaesthes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that medically assisted hydration improves the quality or length of life in palliative care patients. However, there is evidence that medically assisted hydr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, there is a study that found that starting hormonal contraception immediately was associated with a higher continuation rate compared to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no research on the effectiveness of interventions aimed at reducing work disability in depressed workers on sickness absence.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Inhaled ciclesonide is effective for improving lung function in asthma patients. The efficacy of inhaled ciclesonide in asthma patients has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of screening for genital tract infections during pregnancy in reducing preterm birth.
SUPPORTED. Exercise helps reduce cancer-related fatigue during and after treatment .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of sustained-release naltrexone is effective for treating opioid dependence. The effectiveness of sustained-release naltrexone has been demonstrated in several clinical trials.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Fitness training improves cardiorespiratory fitness in people with traumatic brain injury.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Lymphocytic colitis is a rare disease and there is a lack of clinical trials on the treatment of lymphocytic colitis. The treatment of lymph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The systematic review by Zhou et al. 2019  showed that household interventions effectively reduce lead exposure in children. The review included 12 studies that evaluated the effectiveness
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment for liver metastases from colorectal cancer. The treatment depends on the number and location of the metastases, the extent of the primary tumor
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Targeted agents provide clinical benefits for patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma compared to standard treatments. The targeted agents include tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) and mamm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of short-course antibi
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise therapy improves functional ability and quality of life in children with juvenile idiopathic arthritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review by Liu et al. 2019  showed that there is a lack of high-quality evidence on the effectiveness
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Non-pharmacological interventions such as breathing exercises, relaxation, and psychological support have been shown to be effective in relieving breathlessness in advanced disease .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-histamines in treating prolonged non-specific cough in children. The Cochrane systematic review of 2019 included
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Huperzine A is a naturally occurring alkaloid found in the Chinese medicinal plant Huperzia serrata. It has been used in traditional Chinese medicine for the treatment of
SUPPORTED. Topotecan is effective for treating ovarian cancer. Topotecan is a chemotherapeutic agent that interferes with DNA synthesis and is used to treat ovarian cancer. It
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that psychotherapy was effective in reducing depressive symptoms
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of home-made spacers for delivering asthma medication to children. The use of home-made spacers is not recommended.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy and safety of systemic corticosteroids for treating acute gout are still controversial. Some studies have shown
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antacids in preventing oesophagogastric bleeding in cirrhotic patients. However, there is evidence that prophylactic use
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Physical activity aimed at improving cardiorespiratory fitness benefits cognitive function in older adults. A systematic review of 30 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic included 11 RCTs with 2,365 participants
EFFECTIVE: Yes, Chinese herbal medicine is effective for treating primary dysmenorrhoea.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of immunomodulatory drugs to prevent the progression from clinically isolated syndromes to clinically definite multiple scler
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Surfactant treatment is not indicated for neonates with pulmonary hemorrhage. However, surfactant treatment is indicated for neonates with respiratory distress syndrome (
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Exercise is beneficial for individuals with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis or motor neuron disease. A systematic review of 11 studies with 380
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of bipolar disorder. However, the evidence is promising and further research is
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Anti-VEGF treatments have been shown to improve vision in patients with neovascular age-related macular degeneration.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oestrogens to prevent recurrent urinary tract infections in postmenopausal women. The current evidence is based on a single
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence that low-level laser therapy is effective for the treatment of non
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Cochrane in 2018  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Peri-implantitis is a chronic inflammatory disease affecting implant supporting tissues. The treatment of peri-implantitis is based on mechanical debridement of the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of high-quality research on the effectiveness of early multidisciplinary rehabilitation on activity and participation after hip or
SUPPORTED. Influenza vaccines are effective in preventing illness in healthy children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Danshen is a traditional Chinese herbal medicine that has been used for thousands of years to treat various diseases. It is believed to have a variety of pharmacological effects, including anti-infl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether seizure prophylaxis is effective for people with brain tumors. The use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Alopecia areata is an autoimmune disease that causes hair loss in some areas of the body. The exact cause of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of palliative endobronchial brachytherapy in advanced non-small cell lung cancer. The current evidence is limited to
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Clobazam is effective as an add-on treatment for patients with refractory seizures. Clobazam is a benzodiazepine that has been shown to be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral substitution treatment for opioid dependent injecting drug users to reduce the risk of HIV infection. However, there is evidence that methad
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of urinary catheters is associated with an increased risk of urinary tract infections. The risk is lower with short-term catheters than with long-term cathe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cardioprotective agents to prevent heart damage in cancer patients treated with anthracyclines.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiviral medications to prevent CMV disease in solid organ transplant recipients. However, there is evidence to support the use of antiv
REFUTED. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends that antimalarial drugs should not be used for the prevention of malaria in young children . This is because the use of antimalarial drugs for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for collagenous colitis. The current treatment is to control the symptoms and improve the quality of life.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of progestogens to prevent miscarriage in early to mid-pregnancy. The use of progestogens to prevent mis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research does not support the hypothesis that gluten and casein free diets improve behavior and functioning in individuals with autism.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Heparin is associated with a reduction in mortality in patients with acute coronary syndromes. Heparin is also associated with an increased risk of bleeding.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that amino acid therapies help prolong survival or slow the progression of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Amino acid therapies are
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic surgery for non-metastasised colorectal cancer is as effective as open surgery in terms of long-term outcomes. The current evidence suggests that lapar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that mistletoe extracts improve survival or quality of life in cancer patients. However, there is also no evidence that mistletoe extracts worsen survival
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al.  compared the efficacy of rocuronium and succinylcholine for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of heparin to prevent complications associated with peripherally placed central venous catheters in neonates. The use of heparin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Buprenorphine is effective for maintaining treatment in opioid dependence. Buprenorphine is a partial μ-opioid receptor agonist that is effective for
SUPPORTED. Bypass surgery is effective for treating critical limb ischaemia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that delaying the introduction of progressive enteral feeds increases the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in very low birth weight infants.
SUPPORTED. Providing information to stroke patients and their caregivers improves outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Intermittent pneumatic compression is a mechanical method that can increase blood flow and reduce venous stasis. It is often used to prevent deep vein thrombosis in patients under
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (effective in children) . Acellular pertussis vaccines are effective in children. Acellular pertussis vaccines are safe and immunogenic in children. Acellular pertussis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is focused on the timing of intubation in acutely ill and injured patients. The optimal timing of intub
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of naftidrofuryl on walking distance in people with intermittent claudication.
SUPPORTED. Mifepristone is an effective method for emergency contraception. Mifepristone is a progestin that acts as an antagonist of progesterone and estrogen receptors
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that slow advancement of enteral feed volumes reduces the risk of necrotising enterocolitis in very low birth weight infants. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of enteral tube feeding in people with cystic fibrosis. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. A systematic review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that reducing exposure to house dust mite allergens improves asthma symptoms in sensitive individuals.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics in the treatment of persistent nasal discharge in children. However, the duration of antibiotic therapy and the choice of antib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in preventing or treating post-extubation stridor. However, there is some evidence that corticosteroids may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of physical barriers during pelvic surgery to improve pregnancy rates in women. The use of physical barriers during pelvic surgery is a controversial topic,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of observational studies showed that influenza vaccination was associated with a reduced risk of asthma exacerb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  compared intra-uterine insemination with cerv
REFUTED. The use of antibiotics in the treatment of acute sinusitis is not effective. The use of antibiotics in the treatment of acute sinusitis is not effective. The use of antibiot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of physician advice on smoking cessation.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The effectiveness of interventions to improve medication adherence has been demonstrated in several studies. A systematic review of 114 studies showed that interventions to improve medication adherence were effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of abstinence-only programs in reducing HIV risk behaviors among youth in high-income
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2016 found that there was no high-
LABEL: SUPPORTED. (Intracervical prostaglandins are effective for cervical ripening compared to placebo.) Intracervical prostaglandins are effective for cervical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A study conducted by Al-Gazali et al.  showed that inhaled nitric oxide was not effective in treating
SUPPORTED. (evidence) TNF-alpha blocking agents are effective in maintaining remission in Crohn's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Personal assistance is effective for older adults with impairments. Personal assistance is a type of long-term care service that provides older adults with impairments with personal care and support with daily activities
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of pharmacological treatments for arthritis in cystic fibrosis patients.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is a safe procedure for selected patients. The procedure is associated with lower postoperative complications, shorter hospital stay, and faster recovery
SUPPORTED. . Vitamin A supplementation in people with cystic fibrosis reduces vitamin A deficiency disorders. Vitamin A deficiency is common in people with cystic fibrosis due to malabs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. Dilation and evacuation is a commonly used method for second-trimester abortions, but there is no evidence to suggest that
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The use of drugs such as amantadine, methylphenidate, and modafinil is supported for the treatment of cancer-related fatigue .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018 found that there was insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin C and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of beta-2 receptor antagonists in traumatic brain injury. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence of a beneficial effect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Aripiprazole is a third-generation antipsychotic that is effective in treating schizophrenia. Aripiprazole has been shown to be effective in treating both positive and negative
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of combined oral contraceptives containing drospirenone to relieve premenstrual symptoms. The current research has not been able to prove
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence of the superiority of one external fixation method over another for distal radial fractures. The choice of the fixation method should be based on the surgeon'
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that helminth infections are associated with increased HIV-1 viral load and decreased CD4+
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that educational games improve health professionals' performance and patient outcomes.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The use of personal protective equipment (PPE) and safety training interventions have been shown to reduce the risk of occupational injuries in agriculture . The use of tractor safety interventions,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic oral beta-adrenergic agonists to prevent preterm labour in high-risk women. The Cochr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that infection control strategies can reduce the spread of MRSA in hospitals.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ischaemic preconditioning is a process of brief, controlled periods of ischaemia and reperfusion that can protect organs from the damaging effects of prolonged ischaem
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The use of corticosteroids in the treatment of multiple sclerosis is controversial. Some studies have shown that corticosteroids can reduce the frequency of relapses and the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of prophylactic surgical closure of the patent ductus arteriosus in preterm infants under 10
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of vitamin A supplementation in preventing acute lower respiratory tract infections in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence of a difference in the effectiveness of continuous infusion versus bol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that whole-grain foods can help prevent type 2 diabetes mellitus. However, the results of some studies suggest that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease (CMT) is a group of inherited disorders of the peripheral nerves. The disease is named after French neurologist Jean-Martin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intravitreal steroid injections are effective in improving vision in patients with diabetic macular edema.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Breast care nurses play a vital role in the care of women with breast cancer. They provide information and support to women and their families during the entire cancer trajectory. They also provide education
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Surgery is effective for treating rotator cuff disease .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of pregabalin as an adjunctive treatment for partial epile
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is conflicting. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that systemic cortic
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. (evidence) Anticoagulant prophylaxis is effective in preventing DVT in patients undergoing abdominal aortic surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics in the prevention of severe NEC and sepsis in preterm infants. The current evidence is conflicting and the quality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of atypical antipsychotic drugs in the treatment of schizophrenia is well-established,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of cholinesterase inhibitors in the treatment of delirium. The current evidence is based on a single randomized controlled trial with a small
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of hawthorn extract for the treatment of chronic heart failure. However, there are some studies that suggest that hawthorn extract may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, the guidelines of the European Society for Clinical Microbiology and Infectious Diseases (ESCMID) recommend antib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dietary exclusions for the treatment of atopic eczema. The current evidence does not support the use of dietary exclusions for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The death rattle is a clinical sign that is not well defined and is not associated with a specific pathology. It is a set of bubbles and gurgling sounds that are heard from
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of oxcarbazepine in bipolar affective disorder is not well established. A systematic review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Periodic paralyses are a group of neuromuscular disorders characterized by muscle weakness and/or fatigue that typically occur after exercise and last for minutes to hours. The treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on puerarin for acute ischaemic stroke is mainly based on animal experiments and case reports. There is a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether antenatal antiviral prophylaxis for recurrent genital herpes reduces the risk of neonatal herpes. The risk of ne
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. Systemic glucocorticoids are not effective for treating infants and young children with acute viral bronchiolitis. The Cochrane systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychotherapy is effective for treating depression in older people.
REFUTED. Fluoroquinolones are not recommended for the treatment of tuberculosis. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends a combination of four drugs for the treatment of tuberculosis: rif
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the volume of fluid given in the initial management of bacterial meningitis affects patient outcomes. The current literature is not sufficient to make a conclusion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Mass media campaigns can help reduce smoking among adults. The Cochrane review of 100 studies found that mass media campaigns can reduce smoking prevalence by 6% . The review also found that the effect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that the 'Joel-Cohen based' methods of caesarean section are more effective than traditional techniques. The 'Joel-Cohen based' methods are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review  showed that there is no clear evidence of the effectiveness of full-mouth disinfection in the treatment of period
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Probiotics are effective in treating antibiotic-associated C. difficile colitis. The use of probiotics in the treatment of C. difficile colitis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Risedronate is a bisphosphonate that has been shown to reduce the risk of vertebral, nonvertebral, and hip fractures in postmenop
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Music therapy improves mood in people with depression when combined with standard care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no relevant clinical research on the effectiveness of suxiao jiuxin wan for treating angina pectoris. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether suxiao ji
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support structured assessment and management of urinary incontinence after a stroke. However, there is evidence that urinary incontinence is a common problem after stroke and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The recombinant human activated protein C (rhAPC) was tested in a large clinical trial (2001) for the treatment of severe sepsis and septic shock. The trial was
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of motorcycle helmets has been shown to reduce the risk of death and head injuries in crashes. A systematic review of 24 studies found that helmet use was associated with
SUPPORTED. Surgical hand antisepsis reduces the risk of surgical site infections .
REFUTED. Chlorpromazine is more effective than haloperidol for treating schizophrenia . Chlorpromazine was the first antipsychotic drug approved for the treatment of schizophrenia.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Hand washing with soap can reduce the risk of diarrhoea by 48% in children and 29% in adults .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Antifungal drugs are effective in treating fungal keratitis. Fungal keratitis is a serious infection of the cornea that can lead to blindness if not treated prompt
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant supplementation during pregnancy to reduce the risk of pre-eclampsia. The results of the clinical trials are incons
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioid analgesics for newborns on mechanical ventilation. The use of opioid analgesics in newborns on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions applied immediately after birth to prevent hypothermia in preterm infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (effective). Individual patient education is effective for treating low-back pain.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) High-dose chemotherapy with autologous stem cell transplantation improves survival in patients with aggressive non-Hodgkin lymphoma. The use of high-d
REFUTED. The current clinical research does not support the effectiveness of surgical ligation for preterm infants with symptomatic patent ductus arteriosus. The Cochrane review of 2018
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that using tap water for wound cleansing leads to a higher risk of infection compared to other solutions. The choice of solution for wound cleansing
SUPPORTED. Home visiting programs improve outcomes for disadvantaged mothers and their children. The Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting (MIECHV) program was established in 201
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cilostazol improves walking distance in patients with intermittent claudication. Cilostazol is a phosphodiesterase 3 inhibitor that increases
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of glucocorticoid corticosteroids to improve muscle strength and walking in boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of audio-visual interventions to improve the informed consent process for clinical trial participants.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Continuous negative extrathoracic pressure or non-invasive positive airway pressure is effective for treating children with acute hypoxemic respiratory failure.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-hypertensive drugs in patients with hypertensive emergencies. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case series. Random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that hyperbaric oxygen therapy improves the success of dental implants in patients who have undergone radiotherapy. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute this
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of skin patches and vaginal rings as effective alternatives to oral contraceptives. Although skin patches and vaginal rings have been shown to be effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that supplementary dietary calcium helps prevent colorectal cancer. The current evidence is mixed and does not support the use of calcium supplement
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that post-operative therapy is effective for improving hand function after MCP arthroplasty in rheumatoid arthritis patients. However, there
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Ibuprofen is effective for closing a patent ductus arteriosus in preterm infants. The use of ibuprofen for the treatment of a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  compared the clinical outcomes of natural, artificial, and ovulation induction cycles in F
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Etidronate is a bisphosphonate that has been shown to reduce the risk of vertebral fractures in postmenopausal women. A Cochrane review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of omega-3 PUFA supplementation for improving cardiovascular outcomes in people with type 2 diabetes. However, the evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of hormone therapy on cognitive decline in postmenopausal women is still controversial. Some studies have shown that hormone
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the type of nasal interface for NCPAP delivery affects the need for additional respiratory support in preterm infants. The need for additional resp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to reduce pain during screening mammography.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are some case reports and case series that have reported the use of antiviral agents in treating dendritic ep
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Physiotherapy is effective in managing ankylosing spondylitis.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Physical training improves health outcomes for people with cystic fibrosis.
REFUTED. Amantadine and rimantadine are not effective in preventing or treating influenza A in children and the elderly. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has not approved the use of amant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-corticosteroid immunosuppressive agents in reducing relapses in children with steroid-sensitive neph
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) is effective for treating myasthenia gravis (MG) exacerbations. IVIG is a blood product that
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Interprofessional education improves collaboration among health and social care professionals .
SUPPORTED. Twin-twin transfusion syndrome (TTTS) is a complication of monochorionic twin pregnancies, in which one fetus (the donor) transfers blood to the other
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether specialist epilepsy clinics improve outcomes for people with epilepsy. The current research has not provided enough information to support or refute this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews and randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of over-the-counter cough medicines for treating acute cough. The evidence is insufficient because of the low quality of the included studies and
SUPPORTED. (moderate). The efficacy of serotonin re-uptake inhibitors (SRIs) for treating obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) in adults is supported by multiple random
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Antidepressants are more effective than placebo for treating non-specific low-back pain. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Glutamine is a conditionally essential amino acid that plays a crucial role in maintaining gut integrity, immune function, and protein synthesis. Preterm infants are at risk of glut
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Diuretics are not routinely recommended for the treatment of respiratory distress syndrome in preterm infants. However, diuretics may be considered in preterm infants with
SUPPORTED. Cranberry products can help prevent urinary tract infections in susceptible individuals .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chest radiography in patients with acute lower respiratory infections. However, the use of chest radiography is common in clinical practice
SUPPORTED. (effective) Nursing-delivered smoking cessation interventions are effective. Nurses can play a vital role in smoking cessation interventions. A Cochrane review of 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Alendronate is a bisphosphonate that has been shown to reduce the risk of osteoporotic fractures in postmenopausal women. Several randomized controlled
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Psychosocial interventions effectively reduce substance use in people with serious mental illness.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Oral progestogen therapy is effective in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding in women. The most common side effects of progestogens are acne, hirsutism, weight gain
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Buflomedil is a calcium channel blocker that has been used in the past to treat peripheral vascular disease. However, it was withdrawn from the market in 19
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that restricting water intake in premature infants reduces the risk of dehydration and related complications. The current practice is to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that synchronized mechanical ventilation improves gas exchange compared to conventional ventilation. In fact, there is evidence that synchronized ventilation may be associated with worse outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychological support or counselling in families after perinatal death. However, there is evidence that psychological support or counselling can help families cope with
SUPPORTED. (effective) Pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine (PPV) is effective in preventing invasive pneumococcal disease (IPD) in adults. A meta-analysis of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of NSAIDs for treating non-specific low-back pain is still controversial. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that planned short stay admissions improve outcomes for people with serious mental illnesses compared to longer stays. The evidence is limited to one study that did not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that adding LCPUFA to infant formula is beneficial for term infants. However, the addition of LCPUFA to infant formula is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids in preterm infants. The current evidence is limited to a few studies with conflicting
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Dynamic exercise therapy improves physical capacity in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin or mineral supplements to prevent age-related macular degeneration. The Age-Related Eye Disease Study (AREDS)
SUPPORTED. Nicotine replacement therapy is effective for smoking cessation .
SUPPORTED. Mefloquine is effective in preventing malaria in adult travellers. The adverse effects of mefloquine are dose-dependent and can be minimized by using the lowest effective dose.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of the biophysical profile in high-risk pregnancies to improve pregnancy outcomes. The biophysical profile is a method of assess
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of Ayurvedic medicine for schizophrenia found that
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Lumiracoxib is effective for managing moderate to severe postoperative pain. Lumiracoxib is a selective cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2016 included 11 RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A protein-restricted diet is not recommended for children with CKD.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The combination of inhaled corticosteroids and long-acting beta-agonists is more effective than long-acting beta-agonists alone for treating COPD. The Co
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Inhaled corticosteroids and long-acting beta-agonists improve outcomes in adults with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease compared to inhaled corticosteroids alone
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Methotrexate is not recommended for induction of remission in patients with ulcerative colitis. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is no optimal second-line antiretroviral regimen for patients with HIV who fail first-line therapy. The choice of second-line regimen depends on the resistance profile of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of home-based HIV voluntary counseling and testing compared to facility-based models. However, there is evidence that home-based HIV testing can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of probiotics in the prevention of allergic diseases or food hypersensitivity in infants. The current evidence is insufficient to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prebiotics in infant formula to prevent allergic diseases. However, the use of prebiotics in infant formula is safe.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chromoscopy during colon examinations. Chromoscopy is a technique that involves the use of a chromoscope, a type of magn
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in patients with bronchiectasis. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials showed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ultrasonic devices have been used in endodontics for more than 50 years. The first ultrasonic device was introduced in 1965 by the American
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of plastic adhesive drapes is not associated with a reduction in the rate of surgical site infections during surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that involving an indigenous healthcare worker in asthma education improves outcomes for indigenous patients. However, there is evidence that culturally appropriate
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 RCTs with 1,039
SUPPORTED. Case management is a form of care management that is used to help people with complex needs connect with the services they need. It involves the assessment of needs, the development of an individualized care plan, and the coord
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend prophylactic cholecystectomy after endoscopic biliary sphincter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of microwave tissue coagulation for treating cervical ectropion. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether microwave tissue
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no systematic review of the effectiveness and safety of traditional Chinese herbal medicine for treating ectopic pregnancy. However, there are some clinical studies that have shown that traditional Chinese herbal medicine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vena cava filters in preventing pulmonary embolism. The use of vena cava filters is associated with an increased risk of
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The current evidence suggests that simple interventions such as hand washing, wearing a mask, and physical distancing can help reduce the spread of respiratory viruses.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Electromechanical and robotic-assisted gait training devices improve walking after a stroke. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antiplatelet agents are associated with improved functional outcomes in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage. Antiplatelet agents are associated with a reduced
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Amniotomy is effective in shortening the length of labour and increasing the rate of vaginal delivery. However, it is associated with increased risk of maternal infection.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin D or calcium supplements to prevent nutritional rickets in high-risk children. The current evidence is limited to observ
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Nigg et al. 2018  showed that custom-made foot orthoses were effective in reducing
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychosocial and psychological interventions are effective in reducing postpartum depression symptoms. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that psychosocial and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the effectiveness of intravesical treatment for Painful Bladder Syndrome/Interstitial Cyst
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of exercise in managing hot flushes and night sweats in menopausal women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The use of wound drains during thyroid surgery is controversial. Some studies suggest that it may reduce the risk of hematoma and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Repetitive task training after stroke improves lower limb function .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Taurine is a sulfur-containing amino acid that is found in high concentrations in the brain, retina, and platelets. It is also a major constituent of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of synthetic surfactants containing protein mimics to reduce the risk of mortality and chronic lung disease in preterm infants compared to animal-
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Elemene is effective for treating lung cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment option for liver metastases in colorectal cancer patients. The treatment of liver metastases in colorectal cancer patients is based on the number
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in reducing illicit drug use in pregnant women. However, there is some evidence that cognitive-behavioral interventions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of steroids in traumatic optic neuropathy. A Cochrane review in 2017  included 10 studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2015 included 11 RCTs
SUPPORTED. Parenting interventions can help prevent unintentional child injuries .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The type of catheterisation technique does not seem to affect the incidence of urinary tract infections. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend routine abdominal drainage after laparoscopic cholecystectomy. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of fish oil supplements in inducing remission in ulcerative colitis. However, there is some evidence that fish oil supplements
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of heparin-bonded central venous catheters to improve catheter patency in children. The current evidence is based on
SUPPORTED. Artesunate is more effective than quinine for treating severe malaria .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no high-quality evidence to support the use of homeopathy for the treatment of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder. However, there is a lack of high-quality evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2019 included 11 RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of corticosteroids as a prophylactic treatment to reduce complications after heart surgery in children is not supported by
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Tobacco cessation interventions are effective for waterpipe users. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that behavioral interventions for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (supported). Aquatic exercise is effective for treating knee and hip osteoarthritis. The systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that aquatic exercise is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of occlusal splints for treating sleep bruxism is still controversial. Some studies have shown that occlusal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cryoplasty is a relatively new technique that involves the use of cryogenic gases to treat peripheral arterial disease. The procedure involves the injection of cryogenic gases
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of non-pharmacological interventions for patients with epilepsy and intellectual disabilities. However, there is some evidence that non-pharm
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Topical pimecrolimus is effective for treating eczema compared to other treatments. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of controlled cord traction in managing the third stage of labour. However, the use of controlled cord traction is not recommended due to the increased risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that corticosteroids can be used in the treatment of viral keratitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of abstinence-only programs in reducing the risk of HIV in high-income countries. A systematic review of 15 studies found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preventative treatments to reduce the risk of non-melanoma skin cancers in high-risk individuals.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Vestibular rehabilitation is effective for treating unilateral peripheral vestibular dysfunction. Vestibular rehabilitation is a set of exercises that can improve the symptoms
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Rimonabant is a CB1 receptor antagonist that was approved for the treatment of obesity in 2006. However, due to its psychoactive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of different types of copper IUDs. The effectiveness of copper IUDs is based on the amount of copper released, which is similar for all
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) is a treatment option for patients with advanced epithelial ovarian cancer. NAC is a treatment option for patients with advanced ep
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of bisphosphonates in children and adolescents with secondary osteoporosis is not well established.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review by Gajanan et al. 2019  showed that there is no difference in
EFFECTIVE: Yes, Chinese herbal medicine is effective for treating primary dysmenorrhoea.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Immunosuppressants are effective in reducing the symptoms of myasthenia gravis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of family interventions in the treatment of bipolar disorder.
RIFUTED. Rifabutin is not recommended for the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis. Rifabutin is a rifamycin that is structurally similar to rifampicin. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2013 included 11 RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of hypnotherapy for irritable bowel syndrome found that there was insufficient evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that lay-led self-management programmes improve health outcomes for people with chronic conditions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 2017  included 11 RCTs with 748 participants and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of gonadotrophins in men with idiopathic subfertility. A Cochrane review in 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) is a treatment option for resectable gastric cancer. The MAGIC trial showed that NAC followed by surgery and adjuv
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of steroids with antiangiogenic properties in treating neovascular age-related macular degeneration. However, there is evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Exercise interventions improve balance in older adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that feeding preterm infants fortified breast milk improves their growth and development after hospital discharge.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of nutrient-enriched formula over human breast milk in promoting growth and development in preterm infants. However, the nutrient-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aspirin is a commonly used medication for the prevention of cardiovascular disease. However, there is currently no evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nutrient-enriched formula to improve growth and development of preterm infants after hospital discharge. The current evidence is limited to one
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of routine scaling and polishing for improving periodontal health is still controversial.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the type of tracheal suction system affects the risk of ventilator-associated pneumonia in mechanically ventilated adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of stretching before or after exercise to reduce post-exercise muscle soreness.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aldose reductase inhibitors in reducing symptoms of diabetic polyneuropathy. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found
SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no systematic review of the effectiveness of Chinese medicinal herbs for the prevention or treatment of influenza. However, there are many clinical studies on the effectiveness of Chinese medicinal herbs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of different semen preparation techniques on the success of intrauterine insemination.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of taxane-containing chemotherapy in women with early breast cancer has been shown to improve survival in multiple randomized controlled trials. The Early Breast Cancer Trialists' Coll
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal frequency of dental check-ups is not clear. The frequency of dental check-ups is determined by the patient's risk
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The Cochrane review of 2013  showed that behavioral interventions can help people quit using smokeless tobacco. The review included 12 trials with a total of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Microwave thermotherapy is a minimally invasive procedure that uses microwaves to heat the prostate tissue. The heat causes the prostate cells to die, which reduces the size of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The WHO recommends environmental sanitary measures to reduce the prevalence of active trachoma in endemic areas. However, there
RELATED TO QUESTION: Is azathioprine effective in reducing disability progression and relapses in multiple sclerosis compared to placebo?
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Methadone is an effective and safe option for managing cancer pain. Methadone is a mu-opioid receptor agonist that is effective in treating moderate to severe pain
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tegaserod is a selective 5-HT4 receptor agonist that has been approved for the treatment of IBS with constipation. However, due to an increased
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laser trabeculoplasty is an effective treatment for open angle glaucoma. Laser trabeculoplasty is a non-invasive procedure that can be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral morphine is effective in relieving cancer pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Bispectral index monitoring is a non-invasive method for monitoring the depth of anaesthesia. It is based on the analysis of electroencephalogram (EEG
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of omega-3 fatty acids in people with intermittent claudication. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that om
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding rituximab to chemotherapy improves overall survival in patients with indolent lymphoma. However, there is evidence that adding rituximab to
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in combination with long-acting beta-agonists (LABA) are effective in reducing exacerbation rates in chronic obstructive
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Exercise training improves symptoms and physical function in individuals with fibromyalgia.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Children with acute pyelonephritis can be effectively treated with oral antibiotics or short courses of IV therapy. Acute pyelonephritis is a serious infection
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED: (beneficial effects) Milk thistle has been shown to have beneficial effects in patients with alcoholic or viral liver diseases. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of drugs that reduce red blood cell dehydration in preventing sickle cell-related crises. However, there is some evidence that suggests that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium channel blockers to reduce the risk of acute tubular necrosis after kidney transplantation. The current evidence is
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Directly observed therapy (DOT) is recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO) for the treatment of tuberculosis (TB) . DOT is a strategy in which a
SUPPORTED. Therapeutic hypothermia is the standard of care for newborns with hypoxic ischaemic encephalopathy. It has been shown to reduce mortality and improve outcomes in these
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of retinoids in treating cervical intra-epithelial neoplasia. However, there is some evidence that retin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is a lack of research on this topic. However, there is evidence that acute psychosis can be treated effectively in general medical wards. For example, a study by J. C
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Methenamine hippurate is not recommended for the prevention of urinary tract infections in patients without renal tract abnormal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of oral antibiotics as an alternative to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Anticholinergic drugs are effective for treating overactive bladder symptoms, but other medications such as mirabegron
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. . Lowering intraocular pressure is the mainstay of medical treatment for glaucoma and has been shown to reduce the rate of glaucoma progression in numerous studies.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Early surfactant administration followed by extubation is more beneficial than later selective surfactant administration with continued mechanical ventilation in preterm infants with RDS.
SUPPORTED. Self-management education is beneficial for patients with COPD.
SUPPORTED. Breast milk is the gold standard for feeding preterm and low birth weight infants. It is associated with better growth and developmental outcomes compared to formula milk. Breast milk is associated with improved neurodevelopment
REFUTED. There is no difference in growth between preterm infants fed formula and those fed donor breast milk. However, donor breast milk is associated with a lower risk of necrotizing enterocolitis and improved
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Bell's palsy is a common form of facial paralysis. The most common cause of Bell's palsy is reactivation of the varicella-zoster
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Non-invasive ventilation (NIV) is a well-established treatment for patients with cystic fibrosis (CF) and chronic respiratory failure. NIV improves lung
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Bromocriptine is a dopamine agonist that has been used to treat Parkinson's disease. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that omega-3 fatty
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dietary protein restriction to slow the progression of diabetic nephropathy in patients with diabetes. The effect of dietary protein restriction
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that providing dietary advice leads to improved cardiovascular health in healthy adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent Cochrane review (2019)  compared the outcomes of blastocyst transfer versus cleavage stage
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial on the effect of recombinant human insulin-like growth factor I on amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The use of inhaled corticosteroids in preterm infants with chronic lung disease is not well studied. There is a lack of clinical trials comparing the use of inhaled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of inhaled corticosteroids in preterm infants is still under investigation. The Cochrane review by Kane et al. 2019  summarized
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Loxapine is effective in treating schizophrenia. Loxapine is a second-generation antipsychotic medication that is effective in treating schizophrenia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. (evidence) Anti-fibrinolytic drugs reduce blood loss and the need for transfusion during surgery. Anti-fibrinolytic drugs, such as tr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is based on a single RCT with a small sample size. The results of this study are not consistent. The results
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that third-generation cephalosporins are more effective than conventional antibiotics for treating community-acquired bacterial meningitis. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether postnatal administration of phenobarbital reduces the risk of intraventricular hemorrhage in preterm infants. The current evidence
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of corticosteroids in children with steroid-sensitive nephrotic syndrome (SSNS) has been shown to be effective in inducing remission and preventing relapse
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs to slow lung disease progression in cystic fibrosis. A systematic review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of phytoestrogen foods and supplements for reducing hot flushes and night sweats in postmenopausal women. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that adopting a hands and knees position during labor helps improve fetal positioning. The current research does not provide enough information to support this claim
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Buflomedil is a calcium channel blocker that has been used in the past to treat peripheral vascular disease. However, it was withdrawn from the market in 19
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review (2016)  included 11 RCTs with 1146 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that continuous suturing techniques reduce pain after childbirth compared to interrupted methods. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from 10 RCTs, 1886 patients) Colloid solutions are more effective than crystalloid fluids for fluid resuscitation in critically ill patients.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effect of vitamin A supplementation on very low birthweight infants is not clear. A randomized controlled trial showed that vitamin A supplementation did not improve the growth of very
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2014  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
SUPPORTED. Educational outreach visits are effective in improving healthcare professionals' practices .
REFUTED. (insufficient evidence) Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are not effective in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding in women. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the use of deworming drugs to improve growth and school performance in children. However, there is evidence that deworming can improve school attendance and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intra-uterine insemination in couples with male subfertility. A Cochrane review in 2016
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of enemas during labor to reduce infection rates in mothers and newborns. The use of enemas during labor is not recommended by the World Health
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Organized stroke unit care improves outcomes for stroke patients compared to other care methods.
SUPPORTED. Lipid-lowering therapy reduces cardiovascular events in patients with lower limb peripheral arterial disease. (1) The ACCORD study showed that intensive lipid-lowering therapy with
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Danazol is effective in treating the symptoms of endometriosis. Danazol is a synthetic androgen that has been used to treat endometriosis for over 30 years
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of financial incentives for prescribers in reducing drug expenditures. However, the evidence is mixed. A systematic review of 12 studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that family therapy was effective in treating depression in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The 2-stage procedure is the gold standard for implant placement in partially and completely edentulous patients. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that heparin improves survival in cancer patients. However, there are some studies that suggest that heparin may have a beneficial effect on cancer patients. For example
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of omega-3 therapy for maintaining remission in ulcerative colitis. However, the evidence is promising and further research is needed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Psychosocial and psychological interventions improve outcomes for mothers with antenatal depression compared to usual care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of sub-Tenon anaesthesia over topical anaesthesia for pain relief during cataract surgery. A recent meta
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that routine abdominal drainage after elective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to answer this question. The search strategy included the following databases: PubMed, Emb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is no evidence to support the use of topical negative
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vena cava filters in preventing pulmonary embolism. The use of vena cava filters is associated with an increased risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of DHEA/testosterone treatment for schizophren
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the effectiveness of external fixation for distal radius fractures compared to conservative treatment. The effectiveness of external fixation for distal radius fractures is still controversial.
SUPPORTED. Oral anticoagulants reduce the risk of major vascular events in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation. The use of oral anticoagulants in patients with non
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of workplace interventions to support breastfeeding for women returning to work after childbirth.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Latent autoimmune diabetes in adults (LADA) is a heterogeneous disease entity, and the best treatment strategy is not well established. The treatment of LADA is similar to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of preoperative chemotherapy in patients with non-small cell lung cancer. The use of preoperative chemotherapy is based on the patient's condition
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Percutaneous pinning is an effective method for treating fractures of the distal radius in adults. Percutaneous pinning is a minimally invasive procedure that involves inserting pins
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of synthetic surfactants containing protein mimics to reduce the risk of mortality and chronic lung disease in preterm infants with respiratory distress
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of patient isolation measures to prevent the spread of Candida in neonatal units. The evidence suggests that Candida species are widespread in the environment and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of cognitive behavioural therapy in reducing physical abuse by men towards their female partners. However, there is some evidence to support the effectiveness of cognitive behavioural
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment option for liver metastases in colorectal cancer patients. The treatment of liver metastases in colorectal cancer patients is based on the number
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of music and videos to reduce anxiety during colposcopy. However, there is some evidence to support the use of music to reduce anxiety during other medical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pre-surgical biliary stenting in patients with malignant pancreatico-biliary stricture. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of azathioprine in patients with primary biliary cirrhosis is not recommended due to the lack of evidence of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of exercise in helping adults with ACL injuries return to work and pre-injury activity levels.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the use of progesterone for threatened miscarriage included 11 trials with 1,
REFUTED. There is no evidence that the use of opioid analgesia improves patient comfort in those with acute abdominal pain. In fact, there is evidence that opioids may worsen pain
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of prophylactic antibiotics is not recommended for transcervical intrauterine procedures. However, the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to conclude that diet and exercise together help postpartum women lose weight more effectively than diet alone.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium sulfate is not recommended for persistent pulmonary hypertension of the newborn. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of magnesium sulf
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Continuous subcutaneous insulin infusion (CSII) is more effective than multiple daily injections (MDI) for pregnant women with diabetes. CSII is associated with better gly
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Critical care outreach services reduce hospital mortality rates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cyclosporin A is not recommended for the treatment of primary biliary cirrhosis. However, it is used in patients with primary biliary cirrhosis who have developed portal hypert
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that both surgical and non-surgical treatments have a high success rate in treating periradicular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of sildenafil in neonates is off-label and there is a lack of high-quality evidence to
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intravesical botulinum toxin injection is more effective than other treatments for overactive bladder. Intravesical botulinum toxin injection is a safe and
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective for treating insomnia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence of a difference in the risk of severe postpartum haem
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of oral antibiotics for the treatment of lung infections in people with CF is not recommended. However, the use of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antiepileptic drugs are effective in reducing seizure frequency in people with intellectual disabilities .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Rimonabant is a CB1 receptor antagonist that was approved for the treatment of obesity in 2006. However, due to its psychoactive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intracameral lidocaine in reducing pain during cataract surgery when used with topical anaesthesia. The current evidence
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that psychological treatments are effective for managing anxiety in people with traumatic brain injury.
SUPPORTED. There is sufficient evidence that interventions aimed at reducing smoking harm have a clear long-term health benefit. The benefits of smoking cessation are well-established and include a reduction in the risk of prem
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of decision-support interventions in helping older people facing long-term residential care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of adjuvant chemotherapy for patients with adenocarcinoma of the small intestine. A systematic review of 10 studies with
SUPPORTED. The current evidence suggests that different antihypertensive drugs have varying effects on blood pressure in black adults. The Angiotensin-converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitors, angiotens
SUPPORTED. (clopidogrel reduces cardiovascular events in high-risk patients). The use of clopidogrel in addition to aspirin has been shown to reduce the risk of cardiovascular events
REFUTED. There is no evidence that low glycaemic index diets are more effective for weight loss than other diets in overweight or obese individuals.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cryotherapy is a minimally invasive procedure that involves the use of extremely cold temperatures to destroy cancer cells. It is a promising treatment option for localized prostate cancer, but there is limited
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the best type of in-dwelling urinary catheter for long-term use in adults. The most common types of catheters are balloon
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Opioids are effective for managing chronic low-back pain in adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of nasogastric decompression after abdominal surgery. However, there is evidence that routine nasogastric decompression is associated with
SUPPORTED. Smallpox vaccines are effective in preventing smallpox and inducing immunity. The first successful smallpox vaccination was performed in 1796 by Jenner. The vaccine was prepared from
SUPPORTED. Shared care improves the management of chronic diseases compared to standard care. Shared care is a collaborative approach to patient care in which the responsibilities and tasks of the patient, family, and healthcare professionals are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (supported) . SSRIs are effective for treating depression in children and adolescents. The efficacy of SSRIs in children and adolescents is comparable to that in adults. The most common
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of deferiprone as a first-line treatment for iron overload in thalassaemia major. The use of defer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychosocial interventions to improve erectile dysfunction compared to other treatments.
RATIONALE: The efficacy of laser photocoagulation in the treatment of neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) has been evaluated in several randomized controlled trials (RCTs). The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Magnesium sulphate is effective as a neuroprotective agent for preterm infants. Magnesium sulphate is a neuroprotective agent that is used to prevent
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that water-soluble contrast media is effective in predicting the success of conservative treatment for small bowel obstruction. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Antibiotic therapy is effective for treating Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in adults. Antibiotic therapy is the most common cause of Clost
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dietary interventions to improve health outcomes in individuals living with HIV.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Calcium supplementation improves bone density in postmenopausal women.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Risedronate is effective in reducing the risk of vertebral fractures in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. The efficacy of risedron
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no systematic review of the effectiveness of Chinese medicinal herbs for esophageal cancer. However, there are some clinical studies on the effectiveness of Chinese medicinal herbs for es
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to find relevant studies. The search strategy included the following terms: brain abscess,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that incentive spirometry reduces the incidence of postoperative pulmonary complications after coronary artery bypass graft surgery. However, the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. There is no randomized controlled trial. The efficacy of sacral
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) is the standard of care for children with idiopathic short stature (ISS) . The efficacy of rh
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane systematic review published in 2019  included 11 RCTs with 3,06
REFUTED. Antibiotic treatment is not beneficial for whooping cough. The CDC recommends that health care providers do not prescribe antibiotics for the treatment of pertussis in patients with cough illness of less
REFUTED. The recombinant human activated protein C (rhAPC) was tested in a large clinical trial (2001) for the treatment of severe sepsis and septic shock. The trial was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of arginine supplementation to reduce the incidence of necrotising enterocolitis in preterm neonates. A systematic review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The stapling technique for ileocolic anastomoses is associated with fewer complications than the handsewn technique . The stapling technique is associated with a lower rate of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Vaccines are effective in preventing Japanese encephalitis. The safety and efficacy of the JE vaccine have been demonstrated in several clinical trials. A randomized, double-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of percutaneous central venous catheters for improving nutrient delivery in newborns requiring parenteral nutrition. The use of per
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. Amitriptyline is an older tricyclic antidepressant that has been used to treat depression for many years
SUPPORTED: (Yes) . Dietary advice is an important part of the management of type 2 diabetes. The American Diabetes Association (ADA) recommends that people with type 2 diabetes should be encouraged to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The choice of central venous access route is a complex decision that depends on various factors, including the patient's medical history,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical research) Antipsychotic medications are the first-line treatment for schizophrenia. The use of antipsychotic medications is associated with a reduction in the risk of rel
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that there is no significant difference between the surgical methods for pelvic organ prolapse in terms of
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Prenatal corticosteroids are effective in reducing respiratory distress syndrome and neonatal mortality in preterm infants. They are also effective in reducing the need
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of lower tidal volume ventilation improves survival in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome.
SUPPORTED. Lithium is an effective treatment for schizophrenia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that avoiding cow's milk protein in infants with a family history of atopy helps prevent asthma or wheeze.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current study showed that the use of parasympathomimetic drugs for the treatment of radiation-induced salivary g
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Continuous renal replacement therapy is better than intermittent renal replacement therapy for patients with acute renal failure. Continuous renal replacement therapy is associated with a lower risk of mort
RATIONALE: The use of antibiotic prophylaxis in elective inguinal hernia repair is controversial. The use of antibiotic prophylaxis in elective inguinal hernia repair is controversial.
SUPPORTED. Continuous support during labor and birth is associated with a lower risk of cesarean delivery, lower risk of negative birth experiences, lower risk of postpartum depression, and lower risk of post-traumatic
SUPPORTED. Home visiting programs improve outcomes for disadvantaged mothers and their children. The Maternal, Infant, and Early Childhood Home Visiting (MIECHV) program was established in 201
SUPPORTED: (yes) . Posterior capsule opacification is a common complication of cataract surgery. Several interventions have been proposed to reduce the risk of developing posterior capsule opacification after cat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that flushing a woman's fallopian tubes with oil-soluble contrast media improves fertility outcomes. However, there is a risk of adverse
ANSWER: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise therapy is effective for the short-term management of subacute and chronic low back pain .
SUPPORTED: Early skin-to-skin contact improves breastfeeding and mother-infant bonding.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions by general practitioners in improving patient outcomes. However, there is evidence that psychosocial interventions by mental health professionals can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the effectiveness of early orthodontic treatment for prominent upper front teeth. The effectiveness of early orthodontic treatment for prominent upper front teeth in early adolescence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of 'as required' medication for treating psychotic symptoms is not clear.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists (AACE) and the American College of Endocrinology (ACE)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The combined spinal-epidural technique is not better than traditional epidural analgesia during labor. However, there is insufficient evidence to support this statement. The combined spinal-
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological interventions are effective in treating post-traumatic stress disorder.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Etidronate is a bisphosphonate that has been shown to reduce fracture risk and improve bone density in postmenopausal women. A Cochrane review of
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Eletriptan is effective for treating acute migraine attacks. Eletriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist that is effective for the
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Rizatriptan is effective for treating acute migraine attacks. Rizatriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist that is effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Anticholinergic drugs are effective for treating overactive bladder symptoms, but other medications such as mirabegron
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Artemether-lumefantrine is more effective than other antimalarial drugs for treating uncomplicated malaria .
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Home treatment with low molecular weight heparin for deep vein thrombosis is effective and preferred by patients .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review and meta-analysis of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that psychosocial interventions effectively reduce drug consumption in individuals with psychostimulant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of educational interventions after an asthma attack in the emergency department in reducing hospital admissions.
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials) Antenatal education is associated with a reduction in the need for regional analgesia/epidural analgesia during labor and
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Scopolamine is effective in preventing motion sickness compared to no treatment or placebo.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no study that compares the effectiveness of occupational therapy with no treatment in patients with Parkinson's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence of a difference in the number of oocytes retrieved
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors have better tolerability than tricyclic antidepressants. The tolerability of select
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antivirals are effective in preventing or minimizing the common cold.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Inhaled corticosteroids are effective in reducing exercise-induced bronchoconstriction in asthmatic patients. The mechanism of this effect is not fully understood, but it is
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cognitive rehabilitation is effective for improving memory problems after a stroke. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that cognitive rehabilitation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of behavioural interventions for treating dysmenorrhoea. However, there is some evidence that suggests that cognitive behavioural therapy may be effective in reducing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in patients with tuberculous meningitis. However, the use of corticosteroids in patients with tuber
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The combination therapy of ribavirin and interferon is effective for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C. The combination therapy of ribavirin and interferon is effective for
SUPPORTED. Lowering blood pressure in people with diabetes improves their overall health outcomes. The SPRINT trial showed that intensive blood pressure control (SBP < 120 mmHg) in patients with diabetes,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors on the progression of early diabetic renal disease in norm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Surfactant administration improves respiratory outcomes in infants with meconium aspiration syndrome .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a treatment for neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) that involves the injection of a photosensitizer drug and
LABEL: REFUTED. Pimozide is not effective for treating schizophrenia. The FDA-approved drug for schizophrenia includes antipsychotic drugs such as risperid
SUPPORTED. Thioridazine is effective for treating schizophrenia. Thioridazine is a first-generation antipsychotic drug that is effective in treating schizophrenia. It was first
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of anticoagulants for atrial fibrillation reduces the risk of stroke.
SUPPORTED. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are more effective than other antidepressants .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that closed suction drainage reduces the risk of complications
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Injection therapy is not a specific treatment modality. It includes a wide range of interventions, such as epidural steroid injections, facet joint injections, trigger point injections
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that lumbar supports are effective in preventing or treating non-specific low back pain. However, there is some evidence that they may be useful in reducing pain in people with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Dipyridamole is a vasodilator and platelet aggregation inhibitor that has been used in the treatment of peripheral vascular disease. However, the evidence for its
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2012 included 11 RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 2015  showed that there is no evidence to support the use of decongest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of passive prophylaxis in preventing hospitalizations due to respiratory syncytial virus in high-risk infants. The Cochr
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Primary coronary angioplasty is better than thrombolytic therapy for treating acute myocardial infarction. The current guidelines recommend primary angioplasty for patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that treating children with vesicoureteric reflux is likely to provide significant benefits. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological and pharmacological treatments are effective for pathological gambling.
SUPPORTED. (effective in children) . Acellular pertussis vaccines are effective in children. Acellular pertussis vaccines are safe and immunogenic in children. Acellular pertussis
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not indicated for the treatment of measles. Antibiotics should be given to children with measles only if there is a clinical suspicion of bacterial superinfection. Antibiot
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Surgical treatment for cervical radiculopathy or myelopathy is associated with better outcomes than conservative management . The current literature supports the use of surgical treatment for c
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of routine Doppler ultrasound in low risk pregnancies. The current research does not provide sufficient information to support the use of routine Doppler ul
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Topical treatments are effective in reducing fungal infections of the feet and toenails. The most effective topical treatments are antifungal creams and antifungal nail lac
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Pelvic floor muscle training is effective for women with urinary incontinence. Pelvic floor muscle training is effective for women with urinary incontinence. Pelvic floor muscle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The common cold is a viral infection of the upper respiratory tract. There is no cure for the common cold. Antibiotics are not effective against viral infections. Z
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Physiotherapist-led rehabilitation programs are effective for knee injuries like ACL, MCL, and meniscal injuries. Physiotherapy is a core component of the management
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials)
SUPPORTED. Antidepressants are effective for treating depression in people with physical illnesses .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of one protocol over another . However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The long-acting beta-2 agonists (LABAs) are used as bronchodilators in the treatment of asthma. Theophylline is a bronchod
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of rice-based oral rehydration solution in reducing stool output in patients with acute watery diarrhoea. The Cochr
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Vaccines are effective in preventing typhoid fever. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends vaccination for people who are at increased risk of developing typhoid fever, including
REFUTED. Carbamazepine is not recommended for the treatment of schizophrenia. The FDA has not approved carbamazepine for the treatment of schizophrenia. The evidence from clinical trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of anticonvulsants in infants after perinatal asphyxia to prevent seizures and improve outcomes. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different opioids are effective for pain relief during labor. The current research has not provided enough information to support or refute this question.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that chemical treatments are effective for head lice. The most recent Cochrane review on this topic, which included 18 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of common treatments for shoulder pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Iron and folate supplementation is recommended for pregnant women to prevent anemia and other adverse pregnancy outcomes . The World Health Organization recommends daily iron supplementation of 27 mg and 400
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Reality Orientation therapy is a psychological intervention that aims to improve the cognitive and behavioral symptoms of dementia. The therapy typically involves a combination of techniques, including reality orientation, reality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics in the treatment of children with persistent nasal discharge. However, the duration of antibiotic treatment and the choice of antib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The oral contraceptive pill is effective in reducing the pain associated with endometriosis, but it is not clear whether it
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . Danazol is a synthetic androgenic anabolic steroid that has been used to treat anemia in women with heavy menstrual bleeding. However, there is insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The effect of vitamin C supplementation on the incidence and severity of the common cold is still controversial. The Cochrane review of 2013 concluded that there is a
SUPPORTED. Anthrax vaccines are effective in reducing the risk of contracting anthrax . Anthrax vaccines have been shown to be effective in preventing infection in both humans and animals. The vaccine has been shown
SUPPORTED. Multidisciplinary bio-psycho-social rehabilitation is effective in improving outcomes for chronic low back pain. Multidisciplinary bio-psycho-social rehabilitation is a comprehensive approach
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of patient education in reducing pain in adults with mechanical neck disorders.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that physical medicine modalities such as spinal manipulation, mobilization, and exercise are effective in reducing pain in adults with mechanical neck disorders.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The current research supports the fact that professional and social support can help in treating postpartum depression. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that inter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Inhaled nitric oxide is effective in reducing death and complications in preterm infants with respiratory disease .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prostaglandins for the prevention of blood loss during the third stage of labour. The use of misoprostol for the prevention of post
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiplatelet agents in the prevention of pre-eclampsia in at-risk women. The current evidence is insufficient to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether treatment with aural toilet and topical antibiotics is effective for chronic suppurative
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The Cochrane review of 2015  showed that health and social interventions can improve the quality of life of carers of people with Alzheimer's-type de
REFUTED. NSAIDs are effective for treating non-specific low back pain. NSAIDs are effective for short-term pain relief in patients with acute low back pain. However, their long-term use is not
SUPPORTED. Multidisciplinary team interventions are effective in managing delirium in elderly patients with cognitive impairment. Multidisciplinary team interventions are effective in reducing the incidence of delirium
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute this question. However, there is evidence that helminth infections can lead
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Interventions in primary care can improve the delivery of preventive services. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions in primary care can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intra-uterine insemination in couples with male subfertility. A Cochrane review in 2016
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the use of Gonadotrophin Releasing Hormone analogues in the treatment of the painful symptoms of endometriosis. The current
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Permethrin is a pyrethroid insecticide that is effective against scabies mites. It is applied as a single topical dose and is highly effective against both scabies
SUPPORTED. (moderate). There is moderate evidence that non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are effective for short-term pain relief in neck disorders . There is also moderate
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  compared intrauterine insemination with cervical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of DHEA or DHEAS in improving cognitive function in older adults or those with dementia. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium antagonists in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage. A systematic review of randomized
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Community mental health team treatment is effective for people with serious mental illness compared to standard care.
SUPPORTED. Audit and feedback is effective in improving health professional practice.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Tinidazole is an effective treatment for giardiasis. Tinidazole is a 5-nitroimidazole compound with a broad-spectrum ant
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Drug treatment is effective for improving outcomes in neurocysticercosis. The current evidence suggests that drug treatment is effective for improving outcomes in neurocysticercosis. The most commonly
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation for chronic low back pain. The current research has shown mixed results. A systematic review of 11 random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tacrine is a reversible acetylcholinesterase (AChE) inhibitor that was approved by the FDA in 1993 for the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in reducing relapses in asthma patients after emergency treatment. However, the use of corticosteroids is recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Folate supplementation during pregnancy is recommended to prevent neural tube defects in the fetus. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the role of folate supplementation in improving blood health
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether inducing labor with prostaglandins reduces the risk of maternal infection compared to expectant management. The current research has not provided enough information to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of printed educational materials to improve the behavior of health care professionals and patient outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of interventions to manage post-term pregnancy. The optimal management of post-term pregnancy remains controversial. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether inducing labor with prostaglandins is safer than using oxytocin for women with prelabour rupture of membranes at
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether inducing labor with prostaglandins is safer than using oxytocin. The safety of induction of labor with prostaglandins is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether inducing labor with oxytocin reduces the risk of infection compared to waiting for labor to start naturally.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ovulation suppression agents to improve pregnancy outcomes in women with endometriosis. However, there is some evidence that ovulation suppression agents
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 studies (7 randomized controlled trials, 4 observ
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-oestrogens in the treatment of idiopathic oligo-asthenospermia. The use of anti
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Androgen treatment is effective for men with unexplained low sperm count or motility. The efficacy of androgen treatment for men with unexplained low sperm count
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that advising pregnant women to increase their energy and protein intakes improves pregnancy outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of NSAIDs for treating knee osteoarthritis is well-established, but there is no
SUPPORTED. Iodine supplementation during pregnancy reduces the risk of intellectual impairment in iodine-deficient areas .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of antigen avoidance diets during lactation to reduce the risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antigen avoidance diets in lactating mothers to prevent atopic eczema in their infants. The current evidence is conflicting
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of isocaloric protein supplements in pregnant women. The current research has not provided enough information to support the use of isocaloric protein supplement
SUPPORTED. Iron supplementation during pregnancy is associated with a reduced risk of anaemia and low birth weight, and improved birth outcomes .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of home-based support programs for socially disadvantaged mothers and their children. However, there is evidence that home-based support programs can improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of high-protein nutritional supplements to improve pregnancy outcomes. However, there is some evidence that high-protein diets may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether high frequency oscillatory ventilation reduces the risk of chronic lung disease in preterm infants compared to conventional ventilation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research does not support or refute the hypothesis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of primary dietary therapy in women with gestational diabetes. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether dietary therapy alone is sufficient to achieve adequate
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Corticosteroids given to pregnant women help prevent respiratory distress syndrome in preterm infants.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Routine continuous electronic fetal monitoring during labor provides significant benefits compared to intermittent auscultation. The use of continuous electronic fetal monitoring during labor is associated with a reduction in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Breast engorgement is a common problem in breastfeeding women. It is a condition in which the breast tissue becomes swollen, hard, and painful. There is currently no clear evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bromocriptine in women with unexplained subfertility. The use of bromocriptine in women with une
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of routine blood transfusions to reduce pregnancy complications for women with sickle cell disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that amniotomy before pushing reduces the rate of cesare
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions such as directly observed therapy (DOT), incentives, and community-based interventions can improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on this topic. The use of a stapler with absorbable staples during a caesarean section is not supported by clinical evidence.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The quality of biomedical research is a complex and multifaceted concept that encompasses various aspects, such as the validity and reliability of the methods used, the trans
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Randomisation and allocation concealment are important components of the internal validity of a trial. Randomisation is the process of assigning participants to groups in a trial in order to reduce the risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The evidence is insufficient to answer this question. The Open Science Collaboration (2015) conducted a large study on this topic and found that trials with positive results were published
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that including grey literature in research helps reduce bias in health care interventions. Grey literature is a broad term that refers to a range of publications that are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based)
REFUTED. The results of clinical trials are more likely to be published if they are positive than if they are negative. This is known as publication bias. This bias can lead to an overestimation of the effectiveness of a treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The peer review process is a crucial step in the grant funding process, but its effectiveness in selecting high-quality research projects is uncertain. While some studies have found that peer review can lead to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question. Handsearching is a method of searching for reports of randomized trials that electronic databases might miss. It involves searching for reports of randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing automated peritoneal dialysis (APD) with continuous
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nitric oxide donors and precursors for the prevention of pre-eclampsia. However, there is some evidence that nit
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral anticoagulants to improve survival in cancer patients. However, there is evidence that oral anticoagulants can reduce the risk
SUPPORTED. Problem solving therapy is effective for treating schizophrenia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of omega-3 fatty acids for maintaining remission in Crohn's disease. However, the evidence is insufficient to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to find studies that addressed the question. The search was conducted in PubMed, Embase
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, it is known that steroid contraceptives can cause vasculitis, which can be dangerous for people with sickle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there are some studies that have compared the use of bioresorbable plates with titanium plates in orthognathic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of different treatments for improving survival in adults with AIDS-associated Hodgkin's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effect of hormonal contraceptives on carbohydrate metabolism is not clear. Some studies have shown that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of piracetam in patients with sickle cell disease
ENOUGH INFORMATION: Yes, empirical antibiotic treatment is effective and safe for acute chest syndrome in people with sickle cell disease .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of pharmacological interventions in reducing pain during hysterosalpingography.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Lamotrigine is effective for treating neuropathic pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of organized multidisciplinary rehabilitation in improving the experience of adults with multiple sclerosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend routine abdominal drainage in uncomplicated open cholecystectomy. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that desensitization to cotrimoxazole leads to fewer adverse reactions in HIV patients compared to rechallenge.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of interventions aimed at increasing bone mineral density in HIV-infected adults. The current evidence is limited to a single randomized controlled trial that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that interventions for treating conjunctival squamous cell carcinoma in HIV-infected individuals improve outcomes. However, there is a lack of research on this topic
SUPPORTED. Long-acting insulin analogues provide significant benefits over NPH insulin for patients with type 2 diabetes. The benefits include a more predictable and stable glucose profile, a lower risk of hyp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is currently no CFTR gene replacement therapy approved for clinical use. The CFTR gene replacement therapy is still in the early stages of clinical development. The clinical trials are ongoing to evaluate the safety
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of low dose haloperidol in the treatment of delirium. There is only one randomized controlled trial comparing haloperidol with ris
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (preventive effect of interventions on delirium)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antenatal phenobarbital in isoimmunized pregnancies to reduce the need for phototherapy and exchange transfusion in neon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of oral appliances for treating obstructive sleep apnoea in children is still under investigation. A recent systematic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016 found that there was not enough evidence to determine whether emergency contraception reduces
SUPPORTED. Early developmental interventions improve cognitive outcomes for preterm infants .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Naftidrofuryl is a drug that is used to treat acute cerebral infarction. However, there is no clear evidence that it is effective in treating acute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. (lack of evidence)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Electronic mosquito repellents are effective in preventing mosquito bites .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the optimal way to administer fluids for treating painful crises in sickle cell disease. However, there is evidence that aggressive hydration can be harmful.
SUPPORTED. . Bicycle helmet legislation increases helmet use and reduces head injuries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of physical activity programs to improve bone mineralization and growth in preterm infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Yizhi capsule is a Chinese herbal medicine used to treat vascular dementia in China. However, there is currently insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of Yizhi caps
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of supplemental oxygen during exercise training for individuals with COPD. The current guidelines do not recommend the use of supplemental oxygen during exercise training for individuals
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological treatments are effective for adults with obsessive compulsive disorder.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether 'specialised' antenatal clinics improve health outcomes for women with multiple pregnancies compared to 'standard' care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fish oil supplementation to improve outcomes for kidney transplant recipients on calcineurin inhibitors.
SUPPORTED. (effective). Recompression therapy is effective for treating decompression illness. Recompression therapy is the treatment of choice for treating DCS. It involves the use of a pressure chamber to gradually recompress the patient
RATIONALE: The incidence of DVT after knee arthroscopy is 0.5% to 1.5% . The incidence of DVT after knee arthroscopy is low, and the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Nitrous oxide is not recommended for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal states. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of nitrous oxide for the treatment of
SUPPORTED. . Hand hygiene is a fundamental measure to prevent the spread of pathogens in health care settings. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends hand hygiene as one of the most important measures
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intranasal corticosteroids are not recommended for the treatment of acute sinusitis. However, intranasal cort
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 2017  included 11 RCTs with 748 participants and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of recombinant LH in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature published in 2012 found no randomized controlled trials on the use of oral eryth
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review and meta-analysis of 43 cohort studies found that wholegrain consumption was associated with a reduced risk of coronary heart disease . Another systematic review and meta-
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Neoadjuvant chemotherapy (NAC) is a treatment option for resectable gastric cancer. The MAGIC trial showed that NAC followed by surgery and adjuv
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Recombinant factor VIIa is used to treat haemophilia patients with bleeding. However, there is no evidence that it is effective for controlling bleeding in patients without haemophilia
SUPPORTED. Preoperative chemotherapy is effective for women with operable breast cancer. Preoperative chemotherapy is a standard treatment for women with locally advanced breast cancer. It is also recommended for women with early breast cancer at
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of acupuncture for vascular dementia found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preoperative bathing with antiseptics to reduce the risk of surgical site infections. The current guidelines do not recommend the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Chinese medicinal herbs in reducing short-term side effects of chemotherapy in breast cancer patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that topical lidocaine was effective in treating posther
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Dipyrone is not recommended for the treatment of acute primary headaches. The drug is not available in the United States and Canada. In Europe, dipyrone is approved for the
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Probiotics can help prevent antibiotic-associated diarrhea in children. Antibiotic-associated diarrhea is a common side effect of antibi
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of contracts between patients and healthcare practitioners in improving treatment adherence. However, the evidence suggests that contracts can be effective in improving adherence
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not recommended for the treatment of acute laryngitis because it is usually caused by viruses. However, antibiotics may be prescribed in cases of acute laryng
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al. 2018 1 showed that self-management education can improve the knowledge of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of self-management education on health outcomes for adults with epilepsy. A systematic review of 10 studies found that self-management education inter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiplatelet agents in the prevention of pre-eclampsia in at-risk women. The current evidence is based on small
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The meglitinide analogues are effective in managing type 2 diabetes mellitus. The meglitinide analogues are a class of antidiabetic drugs that
SUPPORTED. EMG biofeedback improves motor function recovery after a stroke .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no systematic review of the effectiveness of Chinese medicinal herbs for esophageal cancer. However, there are some clinical studies on the effectiveness of Chinese medicinal herbs for es
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that certain adhesives used for orthodontic bands reduce the likelihood of them coming off during treatment. The literature is inconclusive on this matter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 RCTs with 1,126
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no male hormonal contraceptive currently approved for clinical use. The most advanced clinical trials of male contraceptives are still in phase III. The most promising one is a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of double walled incubators over single walled incubators for premature infants. The current research does not provide enough information to support
SUPPORTED. Constraint-induced movement therapy (CIMT) is effective for improving the use of the affected limb in children with hemiplegic cerebral palsy . CIMT is a type
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Brief interventions are effective in reducing alcohol consumption in primary care settings. A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that brief interventions in primary
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine whether
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question. However, there is evidence that outpatient or home-based management of children newly diagnosed with type 1 diabetes is safe and effective.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fetal pulse oximetry is not recommended for fetal surveillance during labor. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of fetal pulse oximetry during
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Prolotherapy is a treatment that involves injecting a solution into the ligaments of the spine to stimulate the body to produce new ligament tissue. It is used to treat chronic low-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is a study that showed that the removal of indwelling urethral catheters at midnight is safe and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific type of dressing or topical agent for the management of fungating malignant wounds. The use of topical antifung
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current clinical practice guidelines do not recommend adjuvant radiotherapy for patients with stage I endometrial cancer after surgery. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for foot drop caused by neuromuscular disease. The most effective treatment is physical therapy and orthopedic surgery.
SUPPORTED. (systematic reviews, meta-analyses, randomized controlled trials) Immediate or early loading of dental implants is associated with higher survival rates compared to conventionally loaded implants. Immediate loading is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend 24-h bed rest for patients with uncomplicated acute myocardial infarction.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cancer genetic risk assessment services for patients at risk of familial breast cancer.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cognitive rehabilitation for spatial neglect after a stroke improves patient outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of any intervention to manage bleeding irregularities caused by progestin-only contraceptives.
SUPPORTED. Conservative treatment is effective for patients with mild to moderate whiplash injuries .
SUPPORTED. Proton pump inhibitors are effective in healing oesophagitis .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of randomized controlled trials of Ginkgo biloba for cognitive decline in the elderly found that there was
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Iron deficiency anaemia in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Iron supplementation in pregnancy is associated with a reduction in the risk of low birth weight,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) are effective in reducing exacerbations and improving lung function in patients with COPD. The Cochrane review of 2018
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The US Preventive Services Task Force (USPSTF) recommends screening for abdominal aortic aneurys
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effect of NSAIDs on renal function after surgery in adults with normal preoperative renal function is not clear. Some
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of nursing-led inpatient units in preparing patients for hospital discharge. However, there is some evidence that these units can improve patient satisfaction and reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of preoperative radiotherapy for localized resectable rectal cancer. The current research evidence is insufficient to support or refute the use of pre
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based medicine: systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are several antifungal agents that are used to treat oral candidiasis in cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are several studies that have shown that conservative management is effective for urinary incontinence after prostatectomy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of surgical techniques for adults with faecal incontinence. The current literature is limited to small studies with short-term follow-up.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The conjugate Hib vaccine is effective in preventing disease or death in children under five years of age. The conjugate Hib vaccine has been shown to be highly effective in preventing H
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Local corticosteroid injection is effective for treating carpal tunnel syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kahn et al.  found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to support the use of any
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kant et al.  showed that prolonged antibiotic treatment did not improve outcomes in patients with purulent
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend conservative treatment as the first-line treatment for lumbar disc prolapse. However, surgical treatment may
SUPPORTED. Influenza vaccines are effective in reducing cases of influenza in healthy adults. The influenza vaccine is recommended for all persons aged 6 months and older, including healthy adults. The influenza vaccine is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of exercises or acupuncture to relieve back and pelvic pain during pregnancy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics for asymptomatic bacteriuria during pregnancy to reduce the risk of complications. The Cochrane review of antibiot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the effectiveness of surgical treatment compared to conservative treatment for acute ankle ligament injuries. The choice of treatment depends on the type of injury, the severity of
SUPPORTED. Chlorpromazine is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to placebo . Chlorpromazine is a first-generation antipsychotic that was introduced in the 1950s
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effect of zinc supplementation during pregnancy on maternal and infant health outcomes is still unclear. Some studies have shown that
REFUTED. Benzodiazepines are not recommended for treating schizophrenia. Benzodiazepines are not effective in treating schizophrenia and may even worsen the condition. Ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific treatment for non-epileptic seizures. However, there is some evidence that psychological interventions may be effective in reducing seizure
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of glucocorticoids in slowing down radiological damage in rheumatoid arthritis. The use of gluc
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Fluphenazine is effective in treating schizophrenia compared to placebo . The efficacy of fluphenazine is comparable to that of other antipsychotics
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Morita therapy is a psychological treatment developed by Shujiro Morita, a psychiatrist at the Tokyo Metropolitan Medical College in the 1950s. It is a form
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) found that discontinuation of chlorpromazine in patients with stable schizoph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The decision to remove the gallbladder in patients with asymptomatic gallstones should be based on the patient's individual
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of H1-antihistamines in the treatment of anaphylaxis. However, the use of epinephrine is recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no research on the effectiveness of anti-reflux surgery in children with neurological impairments and gastro-oesophageal reflux. However, there is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ultrasound guidance for embryo transfer in assisted reproductive technology cycles. The current evidence is limited to a few small randomized
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of nicotine receptor partial agonists, such as varenicline and bupropion, has been shown to increase the likelihood of quitting smoking compared to place
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Natalizumab is effective for inducing remission in Crohn's disease. Natalizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to the ad
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no single most effective treatment for fractures of the toothless lower jaw. The treatment depends on the type of fracture, the condition of the soft tissue, and the patient's
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of immunosuppressive treatment for non-systemic vasculitic neuropathy. However, there is evidence that immunos
EFFECTIVE: Ureteroscopy is more effective than ESWL for treating ureteral stones . Ureteroscopy is more effective than ESWL for treating ureteral stones . Ureter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antifibrinolytic amino acids for upper gastrointestinal bleeding in patients with liver disease. However, there are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of glucocorticoids in women undergoing IVF or ICSI is not recommended. However, the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of non-pharmacological interventions in reducing wandering in people with dementia at home. However, the results of the studies are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. However, there is evidence that exercise interventions in the hospital setting can be safe and feasible for older patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic thyroid hormones in preterm infants. The current guidelines recommend screening for congenital hypothyroidism in pre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of glutamine supplementation in infants with severe gastrointestinal disease. A systematic review by Almado et al.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal thyroid hormone replacement regimen for preterm infants with low thyroid hormone levels is not well established.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of probiotics to prevent preterm labour and birth. The current research has not provided enough information to support or refute this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of T-tube drainage after laparoscopic common bile duct stone exploration. However, there is also no evidence to refute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question. The decision to use primary closure or T-tube drainage after common b
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The combination of pemetrexed and cisplatin is the first-line chemotherapy for patients with unresectable malignant pleural mesothelioma. The combination of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence in the literature that the use of wound drains is beneficial after incisional hernia repair. However, the use of wound drains is associated with an increased risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that vitamin C can prevent or treat pneumonia. However, vitamin C may reduce the duration of mechanical ventilation and length of hospital stay in patients with p
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that zinc supplementation did not significantly affect the incidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Al-Shaibani et al. (2019)  compared the clinical outcomes of preformed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Urinary alkalinisation is not recommended for treating acute chlorophenoxy herbicide poisoning. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of
ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is conflicting evidence regarding the effectiveness of topical silver for healing contaminated or infected wounds. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that top
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The combination of ipilimumab and nivolumab is superior to ipilimumab alone in terms of overall survival in patients with metastatic melanoma. The combination of
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Drama therapy can help improve symptoms in people with schizophrenia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that any treatment is effective in the treatment of IgG or IgA paraproteinemic peripheral neuropathy. The current evidence is based on case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of spinal surgery for improving health outcomes in patients with Duchenne muscular dystrophy and scoliosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions other than GnRH analogues in reducing blood loss during myomectomy. However, the use of GnRH
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether endovascular repair is a better option than conventional open surgery for treating ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysms. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is effective in managing tinnitus symptoms . CBT is a type of psychotherapy that focuses on changing negative thought patterns and behaviours related to tinnit
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of oral steroids in patients with multiple nasal polyps is controversial. Some studies have shown that oral steroids can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not effective for treating bronchiolitis in young babies. Antibiotics are not recommended for treating viral bronchiolitis in young babies. Antibiotics are only recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2018 found that probiotics did not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacological and non-pharmacological strategies to reduce weight gain in people with schizophrenia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of specific inotropes to improve health outcomes in preterm infants with low systemic blood flow. The use of inotropes in
EFFECTIVE: (supported) . Risperidone is effective for treating symptoms of autism spectrum disorder. The efficacy of risperidone in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder has been demonstrated in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that antioxidant supplements, including vitamin E
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to prove the efficacy of bicyclol in the treatment of chronic hepatitis C. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether bicyclol is beneficial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cryptosporidiosis is a parasitic infection caused by the protozoan parasite Cryptosporidium. It is a common cause of diarrhea and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The efficacy of intragastric balloons in weight loss is still controversial. The current research results are not conclusive. The meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials showed that the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fetal movement counting is a method used to monitor the well-being of the fetus during pregnancy. It is based on the assumption that fetal movements are a sign of fetal activity
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of human recombinant activated factor VII in patients with liver disease and upper gastrointestinal bleeding. A systematic review of randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled corticosteroids in infants to prevent post-bronchiolitic wheezing. The use of inh
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chest physiotherapy for infants with acute bronchiolitis. The Cochrane systematic review by Liu et al. 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Family-centred care is more effective than standard care for hospitalized children. Family-centred care is a model of care that recognizes the family as the unit of care and the family
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no systematic review of the effectiveness of Chinese herbal medicines for treating the common cold. However, there are several randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of Chinese herbal medic
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fisher syndrome is a rare disorder with a wide range of clinical manifestations. The optimal treatment for this syndrome is not well established. The current literature on the treatment of Fisher syndrome is limited to case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in hearing improvement between the hyperbar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of school feeding programs on the health of disadvantaged school children. However, there is some evidence that school feeding programs can improve the nutritional
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of loop ileostomy over loop transverse colostomy for temporary decompression of colorectal anastomosis. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of different post and core systems for restoring endodontically-treated teeth is not clear.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no systematic review of the effectiveness of Chinese medicinal herbs for esophageal cancer. However, there are some clinical studies on the effectiveness of Chinese medicinal herbs for es
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Family interventions can help prevent adolescent smoking. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that family interventions can reduce adolescent smoking initiation by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of an intra-aortic balloon pump (IABP) in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) is a controversial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of alternative surgical incisions for caesarean sections. The choice of incision for caesarean section is a matter of surgeon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of diuretics in the prevention of pre-eclampsia and its complications. However, diuretics are used in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of combined oral contraceptives in treating facial acne. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adjuvant corticosteroid therapy in acute bacterial meningitis. The use of corticosteroids in acute bacterial
LABEL: SUPPORTED. A 14-day regimen of primaquine plus chloroquine is more effective in preventing relapses of P. vivax malaria than shorter regimens.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (meta-analysis) Combined treatment is more effective than either psychotherapy or antidepressant treatment alone for panic disorder.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to make a clear recommendation for or against the use of dietary regimens in people with multiple s
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) is the standard of care for the treatment of short stature in girls with Turner syndrome. The efficacy of rhGH
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific medication to prevent oral candidiasis in cancer patients undergoing treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of DEC-medicated salt in reducing lymphatic filariasis transmission. The current evidence is limited to a small number of studies conducted
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cilostazol improves walking distance in patients with intermittent claudication. Cilostazol is a phosphodiesterase 3 inhibitor that increases
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dose reduction or switching medications to improve sexual dysfunction caused by antipsychotic therapy. However, there is some evidence to suggest that switching to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Antiretroviral regimens effectively reduce the risk of mother-to-child transmission of HIV. The use of antiretroviral drugs during pregnancy and childbirth can significantly reduce the risk of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Surgical excision and radiotherapy are effective treatments for basal cell carcinoma. Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the most common type of skin cancer, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. Aromatase inhibitors are not more effective than other endocrine therapies in terms of survival benefit for postmenopaus
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics for the prevention of infections in patients with central venous catheters. The use of antibiotics for the prevention of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Topical nasal steroids are effective for treating allergic rhinitis in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are some case reports and case series that have reported the use of antiviral agents in treating dendritic ep
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of antiretroviral post-exposure prophylaxis in preventing HIV infection after occupational exposure. The current evidence is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antioxidant medications have a beneficial effect in treating amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. The ALS-MRI study (1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of amantadine for the treatment of fatigue in MS
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The neuraminidase inhibitors oseltamivir and zanamivir are effective in treating influenza in children.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antihypertensive drug treatment is beneficial for women with mild to moderate hypertension during pregnancy. Antihypertensive drug treatment can reduce the risk of adverse maternal and fet
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of therapeutic drug monitoring in patients with newly-diagnosed epilepsy. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether therapeutic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that intensive follow-up after colorectal cancer surgery improves patient survival. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether intensive follow
SUPPORTED. (evidence). PDE-5 inhibitors are effective in the treatment of ED in diabetic patients. The Erectile Dysfunction and Diabetes (EDD) study was a randomized,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Amphetamine is not recommended for the treatment of stroke. However, there are some studies that have shown that amphetamine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Molindone is an antipsychotic drug that is used to treat schizophrenia. However, there is limited research on the effectiveness of molindone compared to other antips
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Beta-blockers are effective as first-line treatment for hypertension . Beta-blockers are one of the four first-line drug classes recommended by the American College of Cardiology/American
REFUTED. There is no evidence that nasal decongestants are effective in relieving nasal congestion caused by the common cold. The use of nasal decongestants is not recommended in the treatment of
SUPPORTED. Subcutaneous allergen immunotherapy (SCIT) is effective in reducing symptoms and medication use in patients with seasonal allergic rhinitis . A Cochrane review of 11 randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that treating metabolic acidosis in chronic kidney disease patients is beneficial. However, there is evidence that untreated metabolic acidos
SUPPORTED. Psychological therapy is effective in treating generalised anxiety disorder.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on the effectiveness of topical agents and wound dressings for the healing of arterial leg ulcers
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fluspirilene is an antipsychotic drug that was approved in the United States in 1997 for the treatment of schizophrenia. However, it
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-medical day care centers for people with severe mental illness. The current research has not been able to provide clear evidence of the effectiveness of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of measures to reduce house dust mite exposure in the management of allergic rhinitis.
SUPPORTED. (riluzole prolongs survival in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis). Riluzole was approved by the FDA in 1995 for the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of corticosteroids in patients with acute optic neuritis is still controversial. Some studies have shown that cortic
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Long-acting beta-2 agonists (LABAs) are effective for controlling asthma symptoms. LABAs are used in combination with inhaled corticosteroids (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether surgical interventions for lumbar disc prolapse provide better outcomes than conservative management.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Screening for colorectal cancer using the faecal occult blood test reduces mortality from the disease.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Studies have shown that breastfeeding support interventions can increase the duration of breastfeeding . One study found that breastfeeding mothers who received support from a lactation consultant were more likely
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of interventions to relieve symptoms of varicose veins and leg oedema during pregnancy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Mannitol is a common osmotic diuretic used to treat intracranial hypertension. However, there is no clear evidence that mannitol is effective in managing intr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (effective). Azathioprine is effective for maintaining remission in ulcerative colitis. Azathioprine is a purine analog that inhibits DNA synthesis and cell division. It is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral calorie supplements to improve nutritional intake in people with cystic fibrosis. The current evidence is limited to case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
REFUTED. The current clinical research has shown that surgery is not an effective treatment for tubal ectopic pregnancy. The standard treatment for tubal ectopic pregnancy is medical treatment with methotrexate. Surgery
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotic treatment of bacterial vaginosis in pregnancy to prevent preterm birth. The current evidence is conflicting and does not support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aerosolized ribavirin is not recommended for the treatment of infants and children with RSV infections. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of danazol in women with unexplained subfertility. The Cochrane review by Khalaf et al. (2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review published in 2018  included 11 studies and found that there was not enough evidence to support the use of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of convective modes of renal replacement therapy over haemodialysis for patients with end-stage kidney disease. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ACE inhibitors over angiotensin II receptor antagonists in patients with diabetic kidney disease. A recent meta-analysis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcimimetics in the treatment of secondary hyperparathyroidism in dialysis patients. The use of calcimimetics in this
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Bisphosphonates are effective in relieving pain for patients with bone metastases from prostate cancer. The efficacy of bisphosphonates in relieving pain in
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is more beneficial than open cholecystectomy for patients with symptomatic cholecystolithiasis. Lapar
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic cholecystectomy is more effective than small-incision cholecystectomy for treating gallbladder stones. Laparoscopic ch
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of DHEA supplementation to improve cognitive function in older adults. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that D
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of over-the-counter tooth whitening products compared to a placebo. The effectiveness of over-the-counter tooth whitening products
SUPPORTED. There is evidence that blood-stage malaria vaccines can help prevent malaria infection and disease. The most advanced blood-stage malaria vaccine, RTS,S, has been shown to reduce the risk of
SUPPORTED. Pre-erythrocytic vaccines targeting the pre-erythrocytic stage of the malaria parasite life cycle have been shown to be effective in preventing malaria. The most
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Colchicine is effective for treating acute gouty arthritis. Colchicine is a drug that has been used for decades to treat gout. It is a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is no evidence of the effectiveness of oral steroids for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of progesterone in the prevention of pre-eclampsia. The Cochrane review of 2017 included 1
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Rimonabant is a CB1 receptor antagonist that has been shown to reduce appetite and body weight in overweight and obese individuals. In a meta-analysis of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Oral contraceptives are not recommended for the treatment of functional ovarian cysts. However, they may be
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Screening for open angle glaucoma is effective in reducing optic nerve damage compared to current referral practices.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Weight reduction in people with overweight or obesity reduces the risk of stroke. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials showed that a 5 kg weight loss
SUPPORTED. Pioglitazone is a medication used to treat type 2 diabetes. It works by increasing insulin sensitivity and lowering blood glucose levels. It has been shown to be effective in reducing blood gl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) to reduce bleeding and pain from intrauterine device (I
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effect of hormonal contraceptives on the risk of fractures in women is still controversial. Some studies have shown that the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current evidence is limited to retrospective studies with small sample sizes and short-term follow-ups. Therefore
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has shown that immediate implants have a higher risk of peri-implantitis and implant failure compared to delayed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of lamotrigine as an adjunctive treatment for schizophrenia. The current evidence is based on small trials with a limited
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics before PEG placement to lower the risk of infection. However, the use of antibiotics before PEG placement is common practice
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that planned caesarean section reduces the risk of mother to infant transmission of Hepatitis C Virus (HCV)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of medication augmentation for patients with anxiety disorders who do not respond to first-line medications.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Early laparoscopic cholecystectomy is safe and beneficial for patients with acute cholecystitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend the use of proton pump inhibitors before endoscopy for patients with upper gastrointestinal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  compared the outcomes of circular stapling devices and conventional excisional techniques for treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of AT concentrate in preterm infants with RDS. The current research has not provided enough evidence to support the use of AT concentrate in preterm
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Strontium ranelate is effective for treating postmenopausal osteoporosis. Strontium ranelate is a medication that combines strontium (a calci
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that any treatment is effective in preventing recurrent dislocation after hip replacement. However, some studies suggest that closed reduction and subsequent soft tissue release procedures may be effective in preventing
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The literature suggests that different CPAP interfaces may affect patient compliance with treatment for obstructive sleep apnoea. The use of nasal masks is associated with higher CPAP adherence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The benefits of chemotherapy for men with metastatic hormone-refractory prostate cancer have been demonstrated in several randomized controlled trials. The CHAARTED trial showed that adding
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal sequencing of chemotherapy and radiotherapy is still controversial. Some studies suggest that sequencing of chemotherapy and radiotherapy does
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. GP IIb-IIIa inhibitors are antithrombotic drugs that can inhibit platelet aggregation. They are mainly
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic surgery for rectal cancer offers short-term advantages compared to open surgery. The advantages include less blood loss, less postoperative pain, shorter hospital stay, and earlier
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based) The standard treatment for Burkitt's lymphoma is a combination of chemotherapy and, in some cases, radiotherapy. The chemotherapy regimen typically includes the drugs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of organized follow-up systems in improving blood pressure control in patients with hypertension. However, there is evidence that a follow-up system can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of cognitive-behavioral interventions in reducing pain and distress in children during needle-related procedures.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing tacrolimus and cyclos
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Adenosine is effective for treating supraventricular tachycardia. Calcium channel antagonists are effective for treating supraventricular tachycard
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Acupuncture is more effective than no treatment or placebo for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of slow-release fluoride devices has been shown to reduce the incidence of dental caries in children and adults. A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hormone-releasing intrauterine systems after surgery for endometriosis to reduce menstrual pain and recurrence.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of alpha-glucosidase inhibitors to prevent type 2 diabetes in patients with impaired glucose tolerance. The STOP
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the superiority of pneumatic dilation over botulinum toxin injection in the treatment of achalasia. The choice of treatment should be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support or refute this question. However, there is evidence that massage can improve the physical and mental health of infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that different anthracycline derivatives cause varying levels of cardiotoxicity in cancer patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. However, there is evidence that exercise during adjuvant treatment for breast cancer can help reduce treatment-related side effects.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of massage and touch therapies for managing conditions associated with dementia. However, there is some evidence that massage therapy may improve behavioral symptoms in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of immunostimulants to prevent acute respiratory tract infections in children. The Cochrane review of 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether inducing labor after 41 weeks reduces the risk of perinatal death. The Cochrane review on this topic found that there was insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tocolytic medication during caesarean sections to reduce infant birth trauma and maternal complications.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to suggest that one method of delivery is superior
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of multiple-micronutrient supplements during pregnancy compared to standard iron and folate supplements. However, the use of multiple-micron
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of endoscopic balloon dilation as a safer alternative to endoscopic sphincterotomy for managing common bile du
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the superiority of TIPS over paracentesis for the treatment of refractory ascites in cirrhosis. The choice of treatment should be based
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of 2017 concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of immunoglob
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cysteine supplementation in parenteral nutrition to improve neonatal growth and outcomes. The current evidence is limited to a single
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Behavioral and cognitive-behavioral therapies are effective for treating obsessive-compulsive disorder in children and adolescents.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of probiotics for maintaining remission in Crohn's disease. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the association between treating gastroesophageal reflux disease and chronic cough in patients without respiratory disease.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Small-incision cholecystectomy is better than open cholecystectomy for patients with symptomatic cholecystolithiasis. Small-incision
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that prophylactic treatment is effective in preventing meningococcal disease after contact with an infected person. The CDC recommends that people who have been in close
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Short-term dynamic psychotherapy is effective for adults with common mental disorders .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Methotrexate is not recommended for the treatment of axial spondyloarthritis, including AS, according to the 2016 update of the ASAS
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Valerian is effective for treating anxiety disorders .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of follow-up telephone calls in reducing problems after hospital discharge. However, there is some evidence that telephone follow-up can reduce readmission rates
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to prove the efficacy of bicyclol in the treatment of chronic hepatitis B. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether bicyclol is beneficial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no relevant clinical research on the effectiveness of tongxinluo capsule in the treatment of unstable angina pectoris. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-term antibiotics to prevent acute otitis media in children. The use of long-term antibiotics to prevent acute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of specialist home-based nursing services in improving care for children with acute and chronic illnesses. However, there are some studies that have shown that
SUPPORTED. Regional anaesthesia is more effective than general anaesthesia for caesarean sections. The use of regional anaesthesia for caesarean sections is associated with a lower
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding chemotherapy to radiotherapy improves survival in patients with nasopharyngeal carcinoma. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the hypothesis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Kawasaki disease is an acute febrile illness of childhood that is characterized by inflammation of the blood vessels. The disease is named after the Japanese pediatric physician Tom
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best treatment for chronic lateral ankle instability. Conservative treatment, including physical therapy, bracing, and taping, is often recommended as the first line of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine whether the no-scal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1002 patients showed that
REFUTED. The MAGIC trial (n = 503) compared chemotherapy (cisplatin 100 mg/m2 day 1, 5-fluorouracil 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in survival between enteral tube feeding
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of different types of contraceptives on pregnancy prevention and health outcomes in women with diabetes. However, there is evidence that combined oral contracept
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of monoaminergic agents in the treatment of traumatic brain injury. Monoaminergic agents have been studied in the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal hemoglobin target for patients with chronic kidney disease receiving treatment for anemia is still controversial. Some
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of conservative management approaches for women with pelvic organ prolapse.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of staff-led oral care interventions in improving oral hygiene for stroke survivors. A systematic review by Kwak et al. (2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of antidepressants for tinnitus treatment found that there
SUPPORTED. Exercise can help people with overweight or obesity lose weight.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Pulmonary rehabilitation improves quality of life and exercise capacity in patients with COPD.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Anticholinergic drugs are used to treat overactive bladder syndrome, but the efficacy of antichol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adapted soy formula to prevent allergy or food intolerance in infants without clinical evidence of these conditions.
REFUTED. Anticholinergic drugs are not recommended for the treatment of neuroleptic-induced acute akathisia. Anticholinergic drugs may worsen akathisia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that positioning newborn infants during mechanical ventilation improves their respiratory outcomes. The current research has not provided enough information to support this
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hydrolysed formulas to prevent allergies in infants compared to breast milk. The current evidence is not sufficient to draw any conclusions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that modifications to the home environment reduce injuries.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Occupational therapy has been shown to improve recovery in personal activities of daily living for stroke patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for collagenous colitis. The current treatment is to control the symptoms and improve the quality of life.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of complementary and alternative therapies for pain management during labor.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Lithium is effective for the long-term treatment of recurrent unipolar affective disorder compared to antidepressants. Lithium is effective in preventing relapse in patients with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that the use of visibility aids improves the safety of pedestrians and cyclists in traffic. However, it is generally recommended to use reflective materials on clothing
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Medical therapies for anal fissure are more effective than placebo. The effectiveness of medical therapies for anal fissure has been demonstrated in several clinical trials. A systematic review and meta
REFUTED. There is no evidence that antihistamines or decongestants are effective in treating children with otitis media with effusion. Antihistamines have not been shown to be effective in treating ac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of progesterone for premenstrual symptoms is still controversial. Some studies have shown that progesterone can
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: 1B) Patient-controlled analgesia is effective for managing postoperative pain compared to conventional methods. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (R
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of reading aids to improve daily living tasks for adults with low vision.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (effective) There is evidence that strategies to help young people stop smoking are effective.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anticholinergic drugs for the treatment of overactive bladder. The use of anticholinergic drugs is
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of multifocal intraocular lenses to improve near vision compared to standard monofocal lenses. The use of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of long-acting beta(2)-agonists over leukotriene receptor antagonists in asthma patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Haloperidol is effective for managing schizophrenia compared to placebo. The efficacy of haloperidol in schizophrenia was first demonstrated in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of pit and fissure sealants over fluoride varnishes in preventing dental decay. The effectiveness of both pit and fissure seal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the effects of anabolic-androgenic steroids on alcoholic liver disease is needed.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Heliox is not recommended as a standard treatment for acute asthma. Heliox is not used as a standard treatment for acute asthma. Heliox is used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Short-course palliative radiotherapy is effective for the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer patients with bone metastases. However, the evidence is insufficient to support the use of short
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that an oral vaccine for H. influenzae can help reduce recurrent episodes in chronic bronchitis. The evidence is insufficient to support the use of oral H
EFFECTIVE: . Zotepine is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to other antipsychotic medications. Zotepine is a second-generation antipsychotic drug that has been shown to
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) is effective in reducing posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) symptoms in children who have been sexually abused . A systematic
SUPPORTED. (cell salvage reduces the need for allogeneic blood transfusion in adult elective surgery). Cell salvage is a technique that recovers and retransfuses the patient's own blood during
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review  showed that there is no evidence of the effect of nutritional interventions on recovery in older people after a
SUPPORTED. Mammographic screening for breast cancer reduces mortality .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that personalised risk communication improves the uptake of screening tests. The evidence is mixed and there is not enough research to support the statement.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  included 11 RCTs with 1,17
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Sclerotherapy is an effective treatment for varicose veins .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the use of beta2-agonists in acute bronchitis concluded that there is insufficient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Multiple risk factor intervention reduces mortality from coronary heart disease in adults without established cardiovascular disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ESTROGEN: (supported) . Estrogenic preparations are effective for treating vaginal atrophy in postmenopausal women. The current evidence suggests that estrogenic preparations are effective for treating vaginal at
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that the pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine
SUPPORTED. Phacoemulsification is the most effective method for treating age-related cataracts . Phacoemulsification is a surgical procedure that involves the use of a laser to break up and remove a cat
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based crisis intervention (EBI) is effective in reducing hospitalization rates and reducing the need for coercive measures in patients with acute episodes of serious mental illness)
SUPPORTED. Lung volume reduction surgery (LVRS) is effective in improving health status and lung function in patients with severe emphysema . LVRS is a surgical procedure that involves the removal of areas of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that shunt procedures are more effective than endoscopic therapy for preventing variceal rebleeding in patients with cirrhosis. The choice of treatment should be
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Supported housing schemes provide benefits for people with severe mental disorders compared to standard care. The benefits include reduced hospital admissions, increased social functioning, and improved quality of life.
SUPPORTED. Inhaled nitric oxide improves oxygenation in newborns with hypoxic respiratory failure .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of drugs to prevent malaria in pregnant women. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends that pregnant women living in malaria-endemic
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Family interventions are effective in reducing relapse rates and hospitalization rates in patients with schizophrenia.
REFUTED. The use of antibiotics for the treatment of sore throat caused by viral infections is not effective and can lead to antibiotic resistance. However, antibiotics may be effective for treating sore throat caused
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of structured treatment interruptions in patients with chronic unsuppressed HIV infection.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Opioid agonists are effective for treating neuropathic pain. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the safety of opioid agonists for treating neuropathic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Azapirones are not recommended for the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of azapirones for the treatment of generalized anxiety
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Donepezil is a cholinesterase inhibitor that has been shown to improve cognitive function in people with mild cognitive impairment. A Cochrane review of 2
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of long-acting beta-2 agonists (LABA) or anticholinergic medications (LAMA) alone or in combination is supported for the treatment of
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Natalizumab is effective for inducing remission in Crohn's disease. Natalizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to the ad
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Continuous cardiotocography (CTG) is a method of fetal surveillance that is used to monitor the fetal heart rate and uterine contractions during labor. The use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of garlic to prevent pre-eclampsia and its complications. However, there is some evidence that garlic supplements may help lower blood pressure
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of haemostatic drugs for acute primary intr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-histamines in treating prolonged non-specific cough in children. The Cochrane systematic review of 2019 included
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The combination of antipsychotic and antidepressant medications is not effective for treating negative symptoms in schizophrenia. However, the evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Lens extraction is effective for treating acute primary angle-closure glaucoma, but there is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of lens extraction for chronic primary angle-closure gl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of the concentration of inspired oxygen on outcomes for people with acute exacerbations of COPD in the pre-hospital setting.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Tramadol is effective for reducing pain and improving function in people with osteoarthritis. Tramadol is a centrally acting analgesic that is widely used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antiepileptic drugs help prevent seizures in patients with intracranial venous thrombosis. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of early enteral nutrition in burn patients. The current literature is not sufficient to make a conclusion on the effectiveness of early enteral nutrition in burn patients
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 12 studies found that parenting programmes reduced the risk of physical abuse by 39% and the risk of neglect by 36% . Another systematic review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no single most effective therapy for treating cerebral toxoplasmosis in HIV-infected adults. The treatment of cerebral toxoplasmosis in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of different types of copper IUDs. The effectiveness of copper IUDs is based on the amount of copper released, which is similar for all
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is sufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions for treating cannabis abuse or dependence.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Strontium ranelate is effective for treating postmenopausal osteoporosis. Strontium ranelate is a medication that combines strontium (a calci
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute this question. However, it is generally not recommended to start any medication without consulting a doctor.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of written action plans in improving asthma management in children and adolescents.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of acid prophylaxis drugs to prevent gastric aspiration during normal labour. The use of acid prophylaxis drugs in women with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that feeding preterm infants on demand improves their growth rates and reduces hospital discharge time. However, there is evidence that feeding preterm inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of depot medroxyprogesterone acetate and norethisterone oenanthate as contraceptives.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . The combination chemotherapy is effective and safe for treating high-risk gestational trophoblastic disease . The standard first-line chemotherapy for high-risk gest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to support the
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 16 studies found that interventions for drug-using offenders were effective in reducing criminal activity and drug use . The review found that interventions that combined drug treatment with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A study conducted in 2014 found that vaccinating healthcare workers reduced the risk of influenza complications in elderly residents
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tiagabine in the prevention of episodes of bipolar disorder. Tiagabine was not found to be effective in preventing episodes of
SUPPORTED. Exogenous surfactant is effective for treating bronchiolitis in mechanically ventilated infants and children . The use of exogenous surfactant in mechanically ventilated infants and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). TNF-alpha antibody is effective for inducing remission in ulcerative colitis. TNF-alpha antibody is effective for inducing remission in ulcerative colitis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that increasing energy intake improves outcomes for preterm infants with bronchopulmonary dysplasia. The current research has not provided
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of sodium transport blockers on respiratory condition in people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence that sodium transport block
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of air-modification modalities in treating non-specific cough in children. The current evidence is limited to a single randomized controlled trial that compared
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of epidural analgesia over systemic opioid-based pain relief after abdominal aortic surgery. A recent meta-analysis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of selenium supplementation to reduce side effects in cancer treatment. However, there is some evidence that selenium supplementation may help reduce
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Alcoholics Anonymous or Twelve Step Facilitation programs are effective in reducing alcohol dependence. Meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have shown that
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Peri-implantitis is a chronic inflammatory disease affecting implant supporting tissues. The treatment of peri-implantitis is based on mechanical debridement of the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that breastfeeding or supplemental breast milk help reduce procedural pain in neonates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effectiveness of influenza vaccines in preventing complications in elderly individuals is not well established. A systematic review of observational studies found that influenza vaccination was associated with a reduced risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that massage can reduce pain and improve function in adults with neck pain.
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective in relieving neck pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of erythropoietin to reduce the need for blood transfusions in preterm infants. The Cochrane review on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that early administration of EPO reduces the need for blood transf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2019  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Early invasive strategy is better than a conservative strategy for treating unstable angina and non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction. The BARI 2D
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Interventions to improve water quality can help prevent diarrhoea. The systematic review by Waddington et al. 2011  showed that water quality interventions reduced the risk of diarrho
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of iron supplementation during pregnancy. However, iron deficiency during pregnancy is associated with increased risk of maternal anemia, low birth weight
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tiagabine is not recommended for the treatment of acute mood episodes in bipolar disorder. Tiagabine is not approved by the FDA for the treatment of bipolar
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise has been shown to reduce anxiety and depression in children and young people. A systematic review of 18 studies found that exercise interventions of at least 6 weeks duration reduced anxiety
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 144 studies found that school-based violence prevention programs can reduce aggressive behavior in children . Another systematic review of 100 studies found that school-based violence
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Consumer involvement in healthcare decision-making has measurable effects. The effects include increased patient knowledge, satisfaction, and active participation in decision-making. It also leads to improved patient-provider communication,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that certain adhesives used for orthodontic bands reduce the likelihood of them coming off during treatment. The literature is inconclusive on this matter
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Functional endoscopic sinus surgery (FESS) is an effective treatment for chronic rhinosinusitis (CRS) . FESS is a surgical procedure that involves the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Endothelin receptor antagonists improve outcomes in pulmonary arterial hypertension .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Oral rehydration therapy is effective for treating dehydration in children with gastroenteritis compared to intravenous therapy. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends oral rehydr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The organization of care settings for HIV/AIDS patients can be categorized into three types: (1) decentralized care, where patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that purine antagonists provide a survival advantage over alkylating agents in treating B-CLL. The choice of treatment depends on various factors, including the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that disposable napkins prevent napkin dermatitis in infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing amethocaine cream with EMLA cream for pain reduction
SUPPORTED. Exercise during pregnancy improves outcomes for women with diabetes. Exercise during pregnancy can improve glycemic control, reduce the risk of macrosomia, and reduce the risk of cesarean delivery in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no relevant clinical research on the effectiveness of puerarin injection in the treatment of unstable angina. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether puerarin injection is beneficial for
SUPPORTED. Self-help methods can be effective for treating eating disorders.
SUPPORTED. (effective) Screening methods such as visual examination, brush biopsy, and oral rinse have been shown to be effective in reducing oral cancer mortality. A Cochrane review of oral cancer screening
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  compared surgical tubal reanastomosis with in vitro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no clear definition of trust in the literature, and the concept of trust is not well defined in the research. In addition, the studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (yes) . Acupuncture is effective for patients with subacute or chronic stroke. Acupuncture can improve the motor function of patients with subacute or chronic stroke, and the curative
SUPPORTED. Antiemetic drugs effectively prevent postoperative nausea and vomiting .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  included 11 RCTs with 1,299
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of inhaled nedocromil sodium for treating chronic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Trigeminal neuralgia (TN) is a chronic neuropathic pain disorder characterized by brief, shock-like, recurrent episodes of severe pain in the face, usually
SUPPORTED. Trichiasis surgery is effective in preventing blindness from trachoma. Trichiasis surgery is the most effective intervention for preventing blindness from trachoma. Trichiasis surgery is effective in
LABEL: SUPPORTED. . Fluconazole is effective in preventing oral candidiasis in adults with HIV infection. The use of fluconazole in the treatment of oral candidiasis in HIV-in
SUPPORTED. Orientation and mobility training improves travel independence for adults with low vision .
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . Radiotherapy is effective and safe for patients with malignant pleural mesothelioma. Radiotherapy is one of the standard treatments for malignant pleural mes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, the current standard of care for patients with multiple brain metastases is whole brain radiotherapy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that removing uterine fibroids improves fertility in women with infertility. However, there is evidence that fibroid removal improves
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the method of caries removal affects the health of the tooth nerve. The current research has not shown any significant difference in the postoperative sensitivity
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The combination of chemoradiation followed by surgery is effective for advanced vulvar cancer. The EORTC 10994 trial showed that the combination of chemoradiation followed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tramadol is a centrally acting analgesic drug that is widely used for the treatment of moderate to moderately severe pain. It is often used as an alternative to opio
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of diuretics in the treatment of Ménière's disease. However, the use of diuretics is not recommended due to
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Fluoroquinolones are effective and safe for treating uncomplicated acute cystitis in women. The use of fluoroquinolones for uncomplicated acute cyst
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effectiveness of oral contraceptives is similar between triphasic and monophasic preparations. The side effects of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that corticosteroids are beneficial in treating dengue shock syndrome. In fact, the use of corticosteroids in dengue shock syndrome is associated with increased mortality .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Compliance therapy is a behavioral intervention that focuses on increasing adherence to treatment recommendations. It typically involves a combination of education, problem solving, and monitoring of medication and other treatment ad
REFUTED. The use of pulmonary artery catheterization is not recommended in the current guidelines for the management of critically ill patients. The use of pulmonary artery catheterization is associated with
SUPPORTED. (Epo) . Erythropoietin (Epo) is a glycoprotein hormone that stimulates the proliferation, differentiation, and maturation of eryth
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that marine oil supplementation during pregnancy reduces the risk of pre-eclampsia and low birthweight. The current research has not provided sufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Warden et al. 2015 1 showed that there is no evidence of the effectiveness of re
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: 1B). Autologous cartilage implantation is effective for treating full thickness articular cartilage defects of the knee. Autologous chondrocyte
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2012 compared the effectiveness of monophasic, biphasic,
SUPPORTED. (moderate). rhGH treatment improves height in children with chronic kidney disease. rhGH treatment in children with chronic kidney disease is associated with improved growth and linear height velocity, but not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcitonin for the treatment of pain from bone metastases. A Cochrane review of 11 randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of psychostimulants on daytime sleepiness in patients with myotonic dystrophy. However, there is evidence that psychostim
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether surgical treatments for bilateral congenital cataracts improve vision in children. The current research has shown that the timing of surgery is the most important
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of additional gloves during surgery to reduce infections in patients or the surgical team. The use of additional gloves during surgery may increase the risk of complic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is focused on the prevention of infection in patients undergoing peripheral arterial reconstruction. There is no evidence on the
SUPPORTED. Exercise improves health outcomes in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus. Exercise is a cornerstone of the treatment of type 2 diabetes mellitus. It is recommended to reduce the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of overlap repair over end-to-end repair in reducing anal incontinence after childbirth injuries. However, there is insufficient evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Vaginal misoprostol is an effective medical treatment for early pregnancy failure. The use of misoprostol for the treatment of early pregnancy failure has been shown to be effective in several
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic colposuspension is effective for treating urinary incontinence. Laparoscopic colposuspension is a surgical procedure that involves the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature published in 2015 found that spinal manipulation may be effective in reducing pain in patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Lopez et al. 2018 1 found that there is a lack of high-quality
SUPPORTED. Proton pump inhibitors are more effective than H2-receptor antagonists for treating heartburn in adults with gastro-oesophageal reflux disease . This is supported by a systematic review
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) guidelines recommend chemotherapy as the first-line treatment for patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer . The combination of gem
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2014  compared the effectiveness of monophasic and biphasic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aminoglycoside antibiotics are commonly used to treat pulmonary exacerbations in cystic fibros
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Oscillococcinum is a homeopathic medicine that is claimed to be effective in preventing and treating influenza. However, there is insufficient evidence to support its use in preventing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The meningococcal serogroup C conjugate vaccine is effective in preventing meningitis and septicaemia. The meningococcal serogroup C conjug
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Local treatments for common warts have effective outcomes in healthy individuals.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Gonadotrophin-releasing hormone antagonists are effective for controlled ovarian hyperstimulation in assisted conception. Gonadotrophin-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that inhaling heated water vapor is effective in treating the common cold. The common cold is a viral infection and antibiotics are not effective in treating it.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that different types of hip arthroplasties affect post-operative pain and mobility in patients with hip fractures. The current research does
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aerosolized diuretics in preterm infants with chronic lung disease. A Cochrane review published in 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of preoperative chemotherapy in resectable thoracic esophageal cancer. The current research results are not conclusive. The results of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-term antibiotics in preventing recurrent urinary tract infections in children. The use of long-term antibiotics is not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of potassium containing toothpastes in the management of dentine hypers
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that different antihypertensive drugs have varying effects on very high blood pressure during pregnancy.
SUPPORTED. Patient support and education improves adherence to antiretroviral therapy in people living with HIV/AIDS .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral anticoagulants are more effective than antiplatelet therapy for preventing vascular events after cerebral ischaemia. The use of oral anticoagulants
SUPPORTED. School-based programs help prevent young people from starting to smoke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral mucolytics to reduce exacerbations in adults with chronic bronchitis or COPD. A Cochrane systematic review published in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of therapeutic ultrasound in the treatment of pressure ulcers. However, there is some evidence that it may be beneficial in reducing pain and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bronchodilators in infants with acute bronchiolitis. The use of bronchodilators in infants with acute bron
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The neuraminidase inhibitors oseltamivir and zanamivir are effective in preventing influenza in healthy adults. The neuraminidase inhibitor zanamiv
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) CPAP is effective in treating obstructive sleep apnoea in adults. CPAP is the first-line treatment for obstructive sleep apnoea. It is effective in reducing the
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Long-acting beta-2 adrenoceptor agonists (LABAs) are effective for COPD patients with poor response to short-acting bronchodilators.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on calcium supplementation during pregnancy and the risk of pre-eclampsia showed that there is no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of community-based screening of older people in improving vision. However, there is evidence that community-based screening can be effective in detecting eye diseases
SUPPORTED. (effective) Counselling in primary care is effective for patients with psychological problems.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzodiazepines in the management of tardive dyskinesia in patients with schizophrenia or other chronic mental illness
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Regular aerobic exercise during pregnancy improves physical fitness without significant risks to mother or infant.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that traction prior to surgery provides any benefits. Traction prior to surgery is not recommended. However, there is insufficient evidence to determine whether traction prior to surgery is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research does not support the hypothesis that an antigen avoidance diet during pregnancy or lactation helps prevent atopic diseases in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fetal ECG waveform analysis is not a method of fetal monitoring. It is a method of fetal assessment. There is no evidence that fetal ECG waveform analysis impro
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Adjuvant chemotherapy improves survival in patients with invasive bladder cancer. Adjuvant chemotherapy is the administration of chemotherapy after surgery to treat cancer. It is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Nicobrevin is a nicotine analogue that has been studied as a potential aid for smoking cessation. However, there is currently insufficient evidence to support its use for long
SUPPORTED. Pharmaceutical pricing policies can affect drug use and healthcare costs. The impact of pharmaceutical pricing policies on drug use and healthcare costs depends on the type of policy. For example, price caps can reduce drug
SUPPORTED. The SPf66 malaria vaccine has been shown to be effective in preventing malaria infections in clinical trials. In a phase 3 trial in African children, the vaccine was found to be 36
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The four-dose regimen of artemether-lumefantrine is effective for treating uncomplicated falciparum malaria . The four-dose regimen
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that exercise helps prevent pre-eclampsia and its complications. However, there is some evidence that exercise may help reduce the risk of gest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that resting during pregnancy helps prevent pre-eclampsia in women with normal blood pressure.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of Chinese medicinal herbs in treating measles. However, there are some case reports and clinical observations on the use of Chinese medicine in the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of tongue scraping in reducing halitosis compared to other methods. The current research has not provided enough evidence to support the effectiveness of tongue scraping
REFUTED. Laetrile is a compound that is derived from apricot seeds. It is also known as amygdalin. It is a compound that is similar to cyanide. It is a compound that is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antituberculous drugs to prevent active tuberculosis in people exposed to MDR-TB. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the use of rhAPC in neonatal sepsis. The only available data are from animal studies, which show that rhAPC can reduce mortality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that prophylactic antibiotics reduce the risk of surg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intraarticular corticosteroid injections are commonly used to treat knee osteoarthritis, but the effectiveness of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of HFA-propelled BDP in treating chronic asthma. However, there is evidence that fluticasone is effective in treating
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Supervised exercise therapy is more effective than non-supervised therapy for improving walking ability in people with leg pain. Supervised exercise therapy is a structured exercise program that is performed under the supervision
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of in-line filters in neonates. The use of in-line filters in neonates is not recommended due to the lack of evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions in alcohol-serving settings to reduce injuries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The clinical research on this topic is insufficient.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review of 10 studies found that interventions to promote hearing protection were effective in increasing the use of hearing protection among workers exposed to noise .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of organized follow-up systems in improving blood pressure control in patients with hypertension. However, there is evidence that a follow-up system can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on Chinese herbal medicine for pre-eclampsia is mainly based on animal experiments and case reports. There are
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Calcium supplementation in children and adolescents has been shown to increase bone mineral density in some studies, but the effect may not be sustained long-term.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effect of treatments for ocular myasthenia on the risk of progression to generalized myasthenia gravis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of acupuncture for epilepsy found that the evidence was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017 compared the outcomes of subtotal hysterectomy and total abdom
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preoperative bathing with antiseptics to reduce the risk of surgical site infections. The current guidelines do not recommend the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, the WHO guidelines recommend that oral antibiotics should be used for the treatment of severe pneumonia in children if they
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The antifungal agents of choice for the treatment of paracoccidioidomycosis are itraconazole and amphotericin B.
SUPPORTED. Aqueous shunts are effective for controlling intraocular pressure in glaucoma. The first aqueous shunt, the Molteno drainage tube, was implanted in 19
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  included 11 RCTs with 4,997
SUPPORTED. Listening to music can help reduce pain intensity .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Hepatitis B vaccination and immunoglobulin can prevent hepatitis B in newborns of infected mothers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for molluscum contagiosum in healthy individuals. The current treatment options are mainly aimed at reducing the number of lesions and preventing the spread of the virus
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that patching the eye after a corneal abrasion improves healing or reduces pain. However, there is also no evidence that patching the eye after a cor
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral calcium supplementation to reduce blood pressure in adults with primary hypertension. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that calcium
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of speed enforcement detection devices is supported by the current clinical research. A systematic review of 14 studies found that the use of speed cameras was associated with a 14% reduction
SUPPORTED. Aripiprazole is effective for treating schizophrenia. Aripiprazole is a third-generation antipsychotic that is effective in treating schizophrenia. Several random
SUPPORTED. The combination of stavudine, lamivudine, and nevirapine is effective for treating HIV infection and AIDS in adults. The combination of stavudine, lamivud
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Herbal medicine is effective for reducing non-specific low-back pain. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that herbal medicine was effective for reducing non-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that capsaicin was not effective for treating allergic rh
ENOUGH INFORMATION: Thrombolytic therapy is more effective than heparin for treating acute pulmonary embolism . However, the use of thrombolytic therapy is associated with a higher
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics in the treatment of acute exacerbations of COPD. The use of antibiotics in acute exacerb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the use of music therapy to improve communication skills in children with autistic spectrum disorder.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of TOR-I in immunosuppressive regimens for kidney transplant recipients. The current evidence is based on small
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of metal stents over plastic stents in the treatment of biliary obstruction in patients with inoperable pancreatic cancer. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  included 11 RCTs with 1,299
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that lowering blood pressure helps prevent dementia in people with hy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that compression stockings reduce the risk of deep vein thrombosis during long flights. However, it is recommended to use them to prevent swelling and pain in
REFUTED. There is no evidence that surgery is more effective than medical therapy for treating heavy menstrual bleeding. The choice of treatment should be based on the patient's preferences, the severity of her symptoms, and the
SUPPORTED. H. pylori eradication therapy is effective for treating peptic ulcer disease . The efficacy of H. pylori eradication therapy in patients with peptic ulcer disease has been
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Insecticide-treated nets (ITNs) are effective in preventing malaria in pregnant women. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends the use of IT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The choice of vaginal hysterectomy or abdominal hysterectomy depends on the patient's preference,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The PAIR method is not recommended for the treatment of uncomplicated hepatic hydatid cysts. The WHO
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxcarbazepine over phenytoin for the treatment of epilepsy. The two drugs have similar efficacy and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Anti-IgE treatment is effective for patients with allergic asthma compared to placebo. The efficacy of anti-IgE treatment in patients with allergic ast
SUPPORTED. Inhaled corticosteroids are more effective than sodium cromoglycate for managing asthma . Inhaled corticosteroids are the most effective controller medication for managing asthma
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2014 included 11 studies (7 randomized controlled trials, 3 randomized clinical
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Prophylactic treatment with clotting factor concentrates reduces bleeding in people with severe hemophilia A or B. Prophylaxis is the standard of care for people with severe hem
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Pain is a common symptom in sickle cell disease (SCD) and can be managed with pharmacological analgesics. The use of opio
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Directly observed therapy (DOT) is the recommended strategy for tuberculosis (TB) treatment. A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Paracetamol overdose is a common poisoning in children, but the incidence of severe liver damage is low.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the superiority of open bile duct surgery over ERCP for clearing CBD stones. The choice of treatment should be based on the patient's condition and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of strategies to integrate primary health care services in improving health care delivery and health status.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of short-acting insulin analogues over regular human insulin in diabetic patients. The benefits of short-acting insulin analogues
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Metrifonate is a cholinesterase inhibitor that was approved by the FDA in 1999 for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease. However,
SUPPORTED. Memantine is a medication that is used to treat Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia. It works by blocking the NMDA receptor, which is a type of glutam
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of PEP devices for mucus clearance in people with cystic fibrosis is not supported by the current
REFUTED: There is no evidence that corticosteroids can induce labor in pregnant women. (Bishop et al., 2019)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hyaluronidase in cervical ripening or labor induction. The Cochrane review of 2017
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The question is too broad and encompasses a wide range of potential outcomes, including economic development, health outcomes, and social well-
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The use of continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is the most effective treatment for obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) . CPAP is a form of pressur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in the FEV1, F
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Penfluridol is a neuroleptic drug that was used in the past for the treatment of schizophrenia. However, due to its side effects, it was replaced by
REFUTED. There is no evidence that perazine is effective for treating schizophrenia and related psychoses. The use of perazine for treating schizophrenia and related psychoses is not recommended.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of immunotherapy in reducing disability from IgM anti-myelin associated glycoprotein paraprotein-associated demyel
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture-point stimulation can help reduce chemotherapy-induced nausea and vomiting in cancer patients. Acupuncture is a form of traditional Chinese medicine that involves the insertion of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) is effective in treating exacerbations of myasthenia gravis (MG). A systematic review of 11
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness of behavioural interventions for children with faecal in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. SAMe is a naturally occurring compound that is involved in many biochemical reactions in the body. It is thought to play a role in liver detoxification and has been studied as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that eradicating H. pylori improves symptoms in patients with non-ulcer dyspepsia. The current evidence is conflicting
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Buprenorphine is effective in managing opioid withdrawal symptoms. Buprenorphine is a partial μ-opioid receptor agonist that can prevent withdrawal symptoms
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of heavy sedation for opioid withdrawal. However, there is evidence that benzodiazepines are effective for the treatment of opio
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is focused on the effectiveness of surgical treatment for ear discharge in children with grommets.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of low protein diets to delay the need for maintenance dialysis in kidney failure patients. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Dipyridamole is a vasodilator and platelet aggregation inhibitor that has been used in the treatment
SUPPORTED. Developmental care interventions improve outcomes for preterm infants .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Educational games can improve the knowledge and skills of mental health professionals compared to standard teaching methods .
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) and plasma exchange (PE) are the two main immunomodulatory treatments for Guillain-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The long-term use of ipratropium bromide is not more effective than short-acting beta-2 ag
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . Oral misoprostol is effective and safe for inducing labor in pregnant women. The use of misoprostol for labor induction is associated with a lower risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fluid and pharmacological agents to prevent adhesions during pelvic surgery. The use of barrier agents such as oils, gels
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend antibiotic therapy for patients with moderate to severe acute bacterial conjunctivitis, but not for patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Amantadine and rimantadine are not recommended for the treatment of influenza A in healthy adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review (2016)  included 11 RCTs with 1146 participants
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The current evidence suggests that newer 5-ASA preparations are effective for maintaining remission in ulcerative colitis compared to placebo. The maintenance of remission is an important
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The current evidence suggests that newer 5-ASA preparations are more effective than placebo for inducing remission in ulcerative colitis. The meta-analysis of 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of piracetam in acute ischaemic stroke found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Audit and feedback is a complex intervention that involves the systematic collection of clinical data and summarized reports on clinical performance, which are then provided to healthcare professionals with the aim of improving the quality of care and patient outcomes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant vitamin or mineral supplementation to slow the progression of age-related macular degeneration. The Age-Rel
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether tubal surgery improves fertility in women with damaged fallopian tubes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin B6 supplementation during pregnancy. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether vitamin B6 supplementation during pregnancy is beneficial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best treatment for extracapsular hip fractures. The choice of treatment depends on the type of fracture, the patient's general health, and the sur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether metered-dose inhalers with spacers are as effective as nebulisers for treating acute asthma. A Cochr
SUPPORTED. Pelvic floor muscle training is effective in reducing urinary incontinence in women. (1) A Cochrane review of 11 RCTs with 1,093 women showed that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Borderline personality disorder (BPD) is a psychiatric disorder characterized by instability of emotions, relationships, and self-image. The treatment of BPD is challenging, and the effectiveness
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological interventions are effective in treating BPD .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016  compared topical antibiotics with systemic antibiotics for
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence). Cholinesterase inhibitors are effective for treating mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease. The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved the use of chol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the best antipsychotic medication for treating schizophrenia in older adults. The current research does not provide sufficient information to determine the best antips
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pre-discharge monitoring in a car safety seat to prevent health issues in preterm infants. The current research does not provide enough information to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Clioquinol is a drug that has been used to treat parasitic infections, but it has also been studied as a potential treatment for Alzheimer's disease. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of omega 3 PUFA supplementation for the prevention of cognitive impairment and dementia in healthy elderly individuals. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intraperitoneal chemotherapy in women with ovarian cancer. The current evidence is conflicting and does not show any significant improvement in
SUPPORTED. Therapeutic communities are effective for substance dependence .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of oxytocin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of preimplantation genetic screening in women undergoing IVF or ICSI. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of auricular acupuncture for cocaine dependence. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on auricular acupunct
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . Interferon alfa is not recommended for the treatment of neovascular age-related macular degeneration. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Pre-emptive treatment is effective in preventing symptomatic CMV disease in solid organ transplant recipients. The current evidence suggests that pre-emptive treatment is effective in preventing symptom
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of perineal massage during pregnancy to reduce the incidence of perineal trauma during birth. However, there is some evidence that perineal
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Diacerein is effective for treating osteoarthritis in adults. Diacerein is a flavonoid that has been shown to have anti-inflammatory and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Tobacco cessation counseling by oral health professionals can help tobacco users quit.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of silver-containing dressings in the treatment of diabetic foot ulcers. A systematic review published in 2017 found that there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of gonadotrophins in men with idiopathic subfertility. A Cochrane review in 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of anti-reflux therapy for treating hoarseness when no other cause is identified. However, there is evidence that anti-reflux
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of interventions delivered in non-school settings on preventing or reducing drug use among young people under
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Reminder packaging can improve medication adherence for patients .
SUPPORTED. Meditation therapy is effective in treating anxiety disorders.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The combination of sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine plus amodiaquine is effective for the treatment of uncomplicated Plasmodium falciparum malaria in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Progesterone is a hormone that is naturally produced by the placenta and plays a role in maintaining pregnancy. It has been shown to have anti-inflammatory
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antifungal prophylaxis in critically ill patients. The use of antifungal prophylaxis in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pneumococcal vaccination during pregnancy is not recommended in most countries, including the United States, because the vaccine does not cross the placenta and the protection it provides to the infant is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Karpman et al.  found no clear evidence that prophylactic antibiotics prevent meningitis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the treatment of SARS patients with Chinese herbs combined with Western medicines is still in the preliminary
SUPPORTED. Influenza vaccines are effective in preventing illness in healthy children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous sodium bicarbonate in newborns during resuscitation. The use of intravenous sodium b
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of surgery over radiosurgery for the treatment of solitary brain metastasis from non-small cell lung cancer. The choice of treatment should
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support or refute this hypothesis. However, there is evidence that nicotine can help in reducing the side effects of antipsychotic medications used to treat sch
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Drug treatment is effective for reducing myotonia in patients with myotonic disorders. The most commonly used drugs are sodium channel blockers, potassium channel openers, and calcium
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of superficial heat therapy for the treatment of low-back pain in adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cholinesterase inhibitors in the treatment of Parkinson's disease dementia. The current evidence is based on small, short
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of galantamine for vascular dementia found that the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clear evidence to support the use of liposomal amphotericin B over voriconazole for treating fungal infections in neutropenic cancer patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of GnRH agonists before IVF or ICSI in women with endometriosis. The current evidence is limited to small
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Ketamine is effective in managing acute postoperative pain with fewer side effects. Ketamine is a non-opioid analgesic that can be used as an adjuv
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that surgery combined with chemotherapy is more effective than chemotherapy alone in treating spinal tuberculosis. However, surgery may be beneficial in some cases, such as
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral appliances are effective in reducing the severity of obstructive sleep apnoea-hypopnoea syndrome in adults .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychological interventions are effective for people with Multiple Sclerosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of current treatments for mitochondrial disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of antidepressant drugs in the treatment of acute anorexia nerv
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 studies found that interventions were effective in increasing the use of booster seats for children aged four to eight years . The review found that interventions that included bo
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. Opioids are effective in managing breakthrough pain in cancer patients.
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Endoscopic mucosal resection is effective for early gastric cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend that older women with operable breast cancer should be treated with primary endocrine therapy. However, there is no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing NSAIDs with acetaminophen for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that ibuprofen is effective in preventing PDA in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that metal endoscopic stents are more effective than plastic stents for relieving biliary obstruction in pancreatic cancer patients. However, the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend the use of D-penicillamine for the treatment of PSC. However, there are some
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of herbal medicines for the treatment of irritable bowel syndrome. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials found that herbal
SUPPORTED. (risperidone is effective in treating mania) . Risperidone is a second-generation antipsychotic drug that is effective in treating mania . It has been approved by the F
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the association between combination contraceptive use and weight gain. The effect of contraceptive use on weight gain is complex and depends on the type of
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Secondary decompressive craniectomy improves outcomes for adults with severe traumatic brain injury and high intracranial pressure .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that higher protein intake improves growth and neurodevelopmental outcomes in preterm infants. The optimal protein intake for preterm infants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral betamimetic maintenance therapy to prevent preterm birth after threatened preterm labour. A Cochrane review published in 201
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of multiple injection techniques for axillary block over single or double injection techniques. However, the current evidence is insufficient to refute the superior
SUPPORTED. Diuretics are the mainstay of treatment for patients with chronic heart failure. They are used to reduce fluid overload and to improve symptoms such as dyspnea and edema. Diuretics
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of melatonin in the treatment of dementia. However, melatonin has been shown to improve sleep disturbances in patients with de
SUPPORTED. Anticoagulants are more effective than NSAIDs or placebo for treating venous thromboembolism. Anticoagulants are the standard of care for the treatment of venous th
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is not enough information to answer this question. The success of bone augmentation techniques for dental implants is typically measured by implant survival rate, marginal bone loss, and patient satisfaction.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nonlatex condoms as an effective alternative to latex condoms for contraception. The effectiveness of nonlatex condoms for contr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no evidence that interventions to change the length of primary care physicians' consultations improve effectiveness and efficiency. However, there is also
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Cotrimoxazole prophylaxis reduces death and illness in children with HIV. Cotrimoxazole prophylaxis reduces the incidence of death and illness in children with HIV
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Antidepressants are effective for treating depression in older adults. Antidepressants are effective for treating depression in older adults, but the efficacy of antidepressants in older
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of atypical antipsychotics for the treatment of aggression, agitation, and psychosis in Alzheimer's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Topiramate is not recommended for the treatment of acute mood episodes in bipolar disorder.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The use of beta-lactam antibiotics in combination with aminoglycosides is common in clinical practice, but there is insufficient evidence to support this practice. A
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based medicine: systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological interventions are effective for adults with asthma. Psychological interventions can improve quality of life, reduce anxiety, and reduce depression in adults with asthma.
REFUTED. Metformin is not associated with an increased risk of lactic acidosis compared to other diabetes treatments. The risk of lactic acidosis is very low with metformin, and the risk is similar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Intra-articular steroid injections are used to treat arthritis, but the evidence is insufficient to support or refute their effectiveness. The effectiveness of intra-art
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based treatment for PTSD). The current research supports the effectiveness of medication in treating PTSD. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are the most commonly used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that influenza vaccination did not reduce the risk of COP
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Cognitive-behavioural therapy (CBT) is an effective treatment for behavioural problems in children with disorders . Media-based CBT has been shown to be effective
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) reduce rebleeding in patients with peptic ulcer bleeding. The use of PPIs in patients with peptic ulcer bleeding has been shown to
SUPPORTED. (meta-analysis) The meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that the combined chemotherapy and radiotherapy was more effective than radiotherapy alone for localized esoph
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intravenous immunoglobulin is effective for treating Guillain-Barré syndrome. Intravenous immunoglobulin is a blood product that contains
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The combination of opioid antagonists and minimal sedation is not a standard treatment for opioid withdrawal. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of assisted hatching in IVF cycles. The current evidence is conflicting and does not show any clear benefit of assisted hatching
SUPPORTED. Galantamine is a cholinesterase inhibitor that has been shown to improve cognitive function in patients with mild cognitive impairment or Alzheimer's disease. Several clinical trials have demonstrated the eff
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Nonarteritic ischemic optic neuropathy (NAION) is an idiopathic optic neuropathy that is characterized by sudden painless loss of vision
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016 compared the use of nebulised and metered dose inhaled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence of effective treatments for palmoplantar pustulosis. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case series. The only treatment that has been studied in a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the duration of treatment with vitamin K antagonists affects the risk of recurrent venous thromboembolism. The optimal duration of
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Naltrexone is a competitive antagonist of the μ-opioid receptor and is effective in reducing alcohol consumption in alcoholics. It has also been shown to reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) CPAP is effective in treating obstructive sleep apnoea in adults. CPAP is the first-line treatment for obstructive sleep apnoea. It is effective in reducing the
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The efficacy of lamotrigine and carbamazepine in treating partial onset seizures
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The evidence from clinical research is insufficient to support the effectiveness of Echinacea for treating or preventing the common cold.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inhaled nitric oxide is not recommended for routine use in preterm infants with hypoxic respiratory failure. However, it may be considered in preterm infants with
REFUTED. There is no evidence that reducing or stopping neuroleptic drugs helps decrease movement disorders in people with schizophrenia. In fact, the evidence suggests that movement disorders may improve after reducing or stopping neuroleptic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of catecholaminergic drugs in reducing tardive dyskinesia in people with schizophrenia or other chronic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of high frequency jet ventilation in preterm infants with severe pulmonary dysfunction. The use of high frequency jet ventilation in pre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that one of these two methods is better than the other. The choice of implant should be made by the surgeon based on the patient's condition and the sur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that starting external cephalic version before 37 weeks helps reduce breech births. The current research does not provide enough information to support
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective for helping people quit smoking. Acupuncture is effective for smoking cessation in both short-term and long-term follow-ups. Acupuncture is effective for
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The six-dose regimen of artemether-lumefantrine is not more effective than the three-dose regimen for treating uncomplicated falcipar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that altering dietary salt intake during pregnancy reduces the risk of pre-eclampsia. The current research has not provided sufficient evidence to
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of long-acting beta2-agonists (LABA) in combination with inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) is recommended as a step-up treatment option for
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that long-acting beta2 agonists combined with inhaled corticosteroids reduce asthma exacerb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is based on small trials with short-term follow-up. The optimal duration of treatment and the long-term
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anabolic steroids to increase body weight in adults with HIV infection. The use of anabolic steroids is associated with several adverse
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, there are ongoing clinical trials to evaluate the safety of structured treatment interruptions of antiretroviral therapy in HIV
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has not been conducted on this issue. However, the WHO recommends that HIV-infected pregnant women should
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of acupuncture for schizophrenia found that the
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Zuclopenthixol is a second-generation antipsychotic drug that is used to treat schizophrenia. It works by blocking the dopamine receptors in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Conversion disorder is a controversial topic in the field of psychiatry. The effectiveness of psychosocial interventions for treating conversion disorder is not well-established due to the lack of high
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of HFA-propelled BDP in treating chronic asthma. However, there is evidence that fluticasone is effective in treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tracheomalacia is a rare condition in children. The optimal treatment of intrinsic tracheomalacia in children is not well established. The treatment of tracheomalacia in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that restricting oral water intake improves lung health in children who aspirate thin fluids.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic antibiotics in neonates with umbilical venous catheters. The use of prophylactic
REFUTED. There is no evidence that spermicides are effective for contraception. In fact, there is evidence that spermicides may increase the risk of HIV and other sexually transmitted infections. Therefore
REFUTED. There is no evidence that a transverse or oblique incision provides a recovery advantage over a midline incision in abdominal surgery. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The addition of a long-acting beta-agonist (LABA) to inhaled corticosteroid (ICS) therapy reduces the need for systemic corticosteroids in
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Action plans are effective in reducing symptoms in people with COPD.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inhaled nitric oxide is used in infants and children after heart surgery to treat pulmonary hypertension. However, the evidence for its effectiveness is limited and conflicting.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of antiviral agents as adjuvant therapy for recurrent respiratory papillomatosis is not supported by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of community-based supplementary feeding on the physical growth of pre-school children in developing countries. The systematic review by Lutter et al. (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of surgical intervention in traumatic optic neuropathy. However, surgical decompression may be considered in patients with severe optic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether wound cleansing solutions and techniques improve the healing of pressure ulcers. The use of wound cleansing solutions and techniques is common in clinical practice,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is not sufficient to determine whether retaining the posterior cruciate ligament during total knee arthroplasty impro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Multisystemic therapy (MST) is a family-centered, multidisciplinary, and multifaceted treatment approach for youth with serious behavioral problems and their families
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Laser photocoagulation is not recommended for treating choroidal neovascularization in pathologic myopia. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of NSAIDs for the treatment of endometriosis is not recommended due to the lack of evidence of their effectiveness and
SUPPORTED. The use of protein substitute is beneficial for individuals with phenylketonuria on a low phenylalanine diet. The protein substitute is a mixture of amino acids that is used to meet the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature on the effects of estrogen treatment on women with schizophrenia found that there is a lack
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence that biomedical risk assessment improves smoking cessation rates compared to
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is effective for treating childhood and adolescent anxiety disorders. The efficacy of CBT for anxiety disorders in children and adolescents has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The third stage of labour is the period from the complete expulsion of the placenta until the uterus becomes completely inactive.
REFUTED. (insufficient evidence) There is insufficient evidence to support the use of laxatives in the treatment of hemorrhoids.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Surgery is an effective treatment for thumb base osteoarthritis, but it is not clear whether it is more effective than non-surgical treatments.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of topical antibiotics for the treatment of chronic ear infections with eardrum perforations is not well
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of intermittent flushing compared to continuous infusion in maintaining intravenous lines in newborns. However, there is insufficient evidence to ref
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Artesunate-mefloquine combination is more effective than mefloquine alone for treating uncomplicated malaria . The ACTs are recommended for uncomplicated malaria
SUPPORTED. Atovaquone-proguanil is more effective than other antimalarial drugs for treating uncomplicated malaria . Atovaquone-proguanil is a combination of at
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of testosterone in addition to hormone therapy to improve sexual function in postmenopausal women. The current evidence is limited to small,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no research on the effectiveness of home visits for pregnant women with drug or alcohol problems. However, there is some evidence that home visits can
SUPPORTED. Desferrioxamine is an effective treatment for iron overload in thalassaemia major. Desferrioxamine is a chelating agent that binds to iron and is used to treat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that increasing fluid intake helps improve symptoms of acute respiratory infections. However, there is evidence that dehydration is associated with
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The MMR vaccine is effective in preventing measles, mumps, and rubella. The MMR vaccine has been shown to be safe and effective in preventing measles, mumps, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that antibiotic prophylaxis reduces mortality in af
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of ambulatory oxygen therapy in patients with COPD is controversial. Some studies have shown that ambulatory oxygen therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Interactive Health Communication Applications (IHCA) are a broad category of digital tools that allow patients to interact with their health care providers and access health information. These tools can include tele
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of inhaled corticosteroids for the treatment of chronic cough in children found that the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant supplementation during pregnancy to reduce the risk of developing pre-eclampsia. The results of the clinical trials are
SUPPORTED. Fluoxetine is effective in treating acute symptoms of depression compared to other antidepressants. Fluoxetine is a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kohal et al. 2017 1 compared the outcomes of zygomatic implants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of nitrofurans and imidazolic drugs for treating late stage chronic Chagas disease with heart complications.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of surgical intervention for improving hand function in patients with thumb-in-palm deformity due to spastic cerebral p
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,100 kidney
REFUTED. The GOG-258 study showed that chemotherapy did not improve the overall survival of patients with advanced endometrial cancer . However, the study did not include patients with high-risk endometrial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium sulfate is a safe and effective bronchodilator in acute asthma exacerbations. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxygen therapy to improve the longevity or quality of life for individuals with cystic fibrosis. However, oxygen therapy is used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2015 included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that there
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Acupuncture and electroacupuncture have been shown to reduce disease activity in rheumatoid arthritis patients. A systematic review and meta-analysis of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiviral medications to prevent CMV disease in solid organ transplant recipients. However, there is evidence to support the use of antiv
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Albendazole is not recommended for the treatment of lymphatic filariasis. However, it is recommended for the treatment of onchocerciasis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Lorazepam is a first-line treatment for status epilepticus. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of lorazepam over other treatments for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that lipid-lowering medications have the potential to prevent melanoma. A recent study found that statin use was not associated with a reduced
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2018 included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The WHO recommends that women living with HIV should be given the option of intrapartum antiretroviral proph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of micronutrient supplements in reducing morbidity and mortality in individuals with HIV infection. However, there is some evidence to suggest that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Surgery is more effective than medical management for weight loss in morbid obesity.
EFFECTIVE: YES . Trimetazidine is effective for treating stable angina.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is a study that showed that the use of a central venous catheter for more than 96 hours is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for collagenous colitis. The current treatment is to control the symptoms and improve the quality of life.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that cardioselective beta-blockers have adverse effects on respiratory function in patients with COPD. In fact, some studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no evidence that interventions to improve antibiotic prescribing in hospitals reduce infections caused by resistant bacteria. However, there
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antibiotic stewardship programs (ASPs) have been shown to improve antibiotic prescribing practices and reduce antibiotic resistance. ASPs can include a variety of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of bed rest for women with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of vitamin B6 and magnesium for autism symptoms found that the quality of evidence
EFFECTIVE: Yes, ibuprofen is effective for closing a patent ductus arteriosus in preterm infants compared to other treatments .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of Chinese herbal medicine for schizophrenia was published in
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Inhaled bronchodilators are effective for people with cystic fibrosis. Inhaled bronchodilators are effective in the short term, but there is insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychological interventions on health outcomes for children with asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Inhaled fluticasone propionate is effective for treating chronic asthma compared to placebo. The Cochrane review of 2016 included 10
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Endovascular coiling is more effective than neurosurgical clipping for treating aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage. The Cochrane review of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzodiazepines in the treatment of acute psychotic illness. Benzodiazepines are not recommended for the long-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best anticonvulsant for treating absence seizures in children. The choice of anticonvulsant depends on the individual patient and the treating physician.
REFUTED. Traction is not effective in managing low-back pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the risk of transient neurologic symptoms is higher after spinal anaesthesia with lidocaine compared to other local ana
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of macrolides in managing chronic asthma. The use of macrolides in chronic asthma is not recommended due to the lack of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of acyclovir in the treatment of chickenpox in children. Acyclovir is not recommended for the treatment of chickenpox in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of critical incident audit and feedback in reducing perinatal and maternal mortality. However, there is evidence that critical incident audit and feedback is effective
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Vaccinating women of childbearing age or pregnant women with tetanus toxoid helps prevent neonatal tetanus.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intraoperative Mitomycin C during trabeculectomy compared to placebo. The use of Mitomycin C during trab
SUPPORTED. Treadmill training with body weight support is effective for improving walking after a stroke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intrauterine insemination for women with cervical mucus issues related to infertility. However, there is some
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Propylthiouracil is a thionamide antithyroid drug used to treat hyperthyroidism. It has been reported that propylthiouracil can
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Screening for depression in clinical settings improves its recognition and management. Screening for depression in clinical settings is associated with improved recognition and management of depression. A systematic review of 14 random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that heparin improves the duration of peripheral intravenous catheter use compared to no treatment. However, there is evidence that heparin reduces the inc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that providing dietary advice leads to improved cardiovascular health in healthy adults.
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: Mitoxantrone is effective and safe for treating multiple sclerosis . The European Medicines Agency (EMA) approved mitoxantrone for the treatment of relapsing-
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of progesterone-releasing intrauterine devices (IUDs) is effective in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding. A systematic review and meta-analysis of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is not sufficient to support the hypothesis that transferring blastocyst stage embryos improves success rates compared to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of low-level laser therapy (LLLT) for rheum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a treatment for neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) that involves the injection of a photosensitizer drug and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Proton pump inhibitors are effective for treating dyspepsia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the effectiveness of video-assisted thoracoscopic surgery for treating large pleural empyemas. However, there is also no evidence to ref
SUPPORTED. Long-term antiplatelet therapy is effective in preventing strokes in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation. The use of antiplatelet agents in patients with non-val
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Carotid endarterectomy reduces the risk of stroke in patients with asymptomatic carotid stenosis. The North American Symptomatic Carotid Endarterectomy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that the surgical interruption of pelvic nerve pathways is not effective in treating dysmenorrho
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of assisted hatching in IVF cycles. The current evidence is conflicting and does not show any clear benefit of assisted hatching
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that preoperative radiotherapy improves survival in patients with esophageal cancer. However, it is important to note that the answer is not refuted.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that domiciliary oxygen therapy improves survival in patients with severe hypoxaemia due to COPD. However, there is also no evidence that domiciliary oxygen
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of newer endometrial ablation techniques in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding in premenopausal women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends vitamin A supplementation for children with measles to reduce mortality and morbid
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Zonisamide is effective in reducing seizure frequency in patients with drug-resistant partial epilepsy. Zonisamide is a second-line antiepileptic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Physical training improves fitness in people with asthma .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-nutritive sucking in preterm infants to improve clinical outcomes. However, there is evidence that non-nutritive suck
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Mannitol is a common osmotic diuretic used in the management of severe head injury. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of mannitol in the management
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. A systematic review of the literature published in 2018 found no
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The combination of amodiaquine plus sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine is more effective than sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine alone for treating uncomplicated
SUPPORTED. Epidural analgesia is effective in reducing pain during labor without significantly harming the mother or baby . Epidural analgesia is a safe and effective method for pain relief during labor. It is associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
SUPPORTED. Hepatitis B vaccination provides protection for health-care workers. Hepatitis B vaccination is effective in preventing hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection in health-care workers (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of cephalomedullary nails over extramedullary implants in the treatment of extracapsular hip fractures. However, the
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The effectiveness of interventions to improve medication adherence has been demonstrated in several studies. A systematic review of 102 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to improve outpatient referral rates. However, there are several interventions that have been shown to improve referral rates in other settings
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Gabapentin is effective for managing neuropathic pain .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Carbamazepine is effective for managing chronic neuropathic pain. Carbamazepine is a first-line treatment for trigeminal neuralgia and postherpet
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The combination of ribavirin and interferon is more effective than interferon alone for treating chronic hepatitis C . The combination of ribavirin and interferon is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that different anticholinergic drugs have varying effects on overactive bladder symptoms. The current research has not been able to demonstrate a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific antibiotic policy to prevent urinary tract infections in catheterized adults. The optimal duration of prophylactic antib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral corticosteroids in patients with stable COPD. However, the use of oral corticosteroids in patients with COPD is common
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that inhaled salbutamol was not effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of granulocyte transfusions in patients with neutropenia. The use of granulocyte transfusions in patients with neut
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of methylxanthines in treating non-specific cough in children. The use of methylxanthines is associated with adverse effects such
EFFECTIVE AND SAFE: (yes) . Aerobic exercise training is effective and safe for adults with Down syndrome. Aerobic exercise training can improve cardiorespiratory fitness, muscle strength, and functional
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Adalimumab is effective and safe for treating rheumatoid arthritis. Adalimumab is a TNF-α inhibitor that is effective in reducing pain and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anal plugs for the management of faecal incontinence. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Anticonvulsants are effective and safe for treating alcohol withdrawal symptoms. Anticonvulsants are effective in reducing the incidence of seizures and the severity of alcohol withdrawal symptoms.
SUPPORTED. Benzodiazepines are effective in treating alcohol withdrawal symptoms. Benzodiazepines are the first-line treatment for managing alcohol withdrawal symptoms. They act as agonists at the GABAA
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane systematic review published in 2014  compared the effectiveness of haemorrhoidectomy with that
SUPPORTED. Vision screening is effective in reducing the prevalence of amblyopia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Cochrane in 2018  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that hyperbaric oxygen therapy improves functional outcome for patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of diuretics or high volume fluid therapy in the treatment of acute ureteric colic. However, there is some evidence to
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is no evidence to support the use of prophyl
REFUTED. The use of antibiotics in the treatment of Mycoplasma pneumoniae pneumonia is not effective. The use of macrolides can prolong the course of the disease and increase the risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of conscious sedation and analgesia during oocyte retrieval compared to other pain relief methods. The current evidence is limited to observational studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Multisystemic therapy (MST) is a family-centered, multidisciplinary, and multifaceted treatment approach for youth with serious behavioral problems and their families
REFUTED. Fluoroquinolones are not recommended for the treatment of tuberculosis. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends a combination of four drugs for the treatment of tuberculosis: rif
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin K for patients with liver disease and upper gastrointestinal bleeding. However, there is evidence that vitamin K is effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, it is generally accepted that patients with bacterial meningitis should be treated with antibiotics and should receive adequate fluid res
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of mass media interventions in promoting HIV testing in the general population.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Antifungal treatment is effective in preventing cryptococcal disease in adults with HIV. In a randomized controlled trial, adults with HIV and asymptomatic cryptococ
EFFECTIVE: Yes, laparoscopic surgery is more effective than laparotomy for treating benign ovarian tumours.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2013 included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with a total of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral betamimetics to prevent preterm birth in women with twin pregnancies. A Cochrane review published in 2019
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that managing diabetes in people with cystic fibrosis improves their lung function and weight. The management of diabetes in people with cystic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that continuously administered combination oral contraceptives provide better outcomes than traditional cyclic dosing. The available evidence suggests that continuous dosing may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of oral vitamin B12 for treating vitamin B12 deficiency is not well established. However, oral
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The effectiveness of combination injectable contraceptives in preventing pregnancy is supported by clinical research. The most recent Cochrane review of the effectiveness of injectable contraceptives showed that dep
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2011  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that psychosocial interventions were effective in reducing depression in he
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the most effective antibiotic regimen for treating suspected late onset sepsis in newborns.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of multiple lumen umbilical venous catheters in newborns to reduce the need for additional venous lines. The use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of specialist care in reducing urinary incontinence after a stroke. However, there is some evidence that physiotherapy and pelvic floor muscle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of one surgical approach over the other for treating a pharyngeal pouch. The surgical approach for treating a pharynge
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oxytocin receptor antagonists in women in preterm labour. The use of oxytocin receptor antagon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Compulsory community treatment is not a specific intervention, but rather a legal framework that allows for the enforcement of treatment in the community. The effectiveness of compulsory community treatment varies depending on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Methotrexate is not recommended for the treatment of primary biliary cirrhosis. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of methotrex
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
REFUTED. Fluid restriction is not recommended for the treatment of term infants with hypoxic-ischaemic encephalopathy after perinatal asphyxia. The Cochrane review of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Triflusal is a thromboxane synthetase inhibitor that has been used in the treatment of cardiovascular diseases. However, there is limited evidence on the effectiveness and safety
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Exercise therapy is effective for relieving pain in adults with neck disorders.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that suprapubic catheters have any advantages over indwelling catheters for bladder drainage. In fact, suprapubic catheters are associated
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-term hormone therapy for managing chronic diseases in older women. The risks and benefits of hormone therapy should be carefully considered before making a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding G-CSF or GM-CSF to chemotherapy helps prevent febrile neutropenia in children with ALL. However, there is evidence that G
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  showed that there was no significant difference in the amputation rate between the spinal
SUPPORTED. Patient reminder and recall systems improve immunization rates .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of herbal medicines for HIV infection and AIDS is not recommended due to the lack of scientific evidence. However, some
REFUTED. The GOG-258 study showed that chemotherapy did not improve the overall survival of patients with advanced endometrial cancer . However, the study did not include patients with high-risk endometrial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-Gram-positive antibiotics in the treatment of febrile neutropenic cancer patients. The current evidence suggests that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium sulfate is a safe and effective bronchodilator in acute asthma exacerbations. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the frequency of rHuEPO administration affects anaemia correction in dialysis patients. The frequency of rHuEPO administration
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chitosan for reducing body weight in overweight and obese individuals. The evidence is limited to a single randomized controlled trial with a small
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effectiveness of fluoridated milk in preventing dental caries is not well-established. While some studies have found that fluoridated milk can reduce the incidence of
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The current evidence suggests that treatment with anti-TNF-α agents can improve growth in children with Crohn's disease. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of other
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2015  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of corticosteroids is recommended for the treatment of dermatomyositis and polymyositis. The use of other immunosuppressants is recommended for
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based) . The current evidence suggests that intraoperative interventions such as goal-directed fluid therapy, kidney-sparing anesthetic techniques, and normothermia can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that supplementary dietary calcium helps prevent colorectal cancer. The current evidence is mixed and does not support the use of calcium supplement
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Inhaled fluticasone propionate improves asthma control in a dose-dependent manner. The dose-response relationship for the effect of fluticasone propion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of intravenous secretin on the symptoms of autism.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of bisphosphonates in women with advanced breast cancer has been shown to reduce the risk of skeletal events and bone pain. A systematic review and meta-analysis of random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence-based treatment strategy for idiopathic intracranial hypertension. The treatment of IIH is based on the experience of the treating physician. The main
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Tapered methadone is effective in managing opioid withdrawal compared to other treatments. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that tap
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane systematic review published in 2019  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that topical metronidazole and azelaic acid
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of synthetic membranes over cellulose-based membranes in patients with end-stage renal disease. The choice of membrane type should
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of functional treatment over immobilization for fifth metacarpal neck fractures. However, there is insufficient evidence to determine whether functional treatment is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of continuous infusion of loop diuretics over bolus administration in patients with congestive heart failure. However, the optimal diuret
SUPPORTED. Memantine is a medication that is used to treat Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia. It works by blocking the NMDA receptor, which is a type of glutam
SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic colorectal surgery offers short-term benefits compared to conventional surgery. The benefits include shorter hospital stay, less blood loss, and less postoperative pain.
SUPPORTED. High-dose chemotherapy with autologous stem cell transplantation improves overall survival for women with metastatic breast cancer .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that once daily administration of low molecular weight heparin is as safe and effective as twice daily administration. The optimal dosing frequency of low molecular weight
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. TENS is effective for managing chronic low-back pain. TENS is a safe and effective method for managing chronic low-back pain. It is a non-invasive method that can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of macrolides in managing chronic asthma. The use of macrolides in chronic asthma is not recommended due to the lack of
SUPPORTED. Metformin is the first-line treatment for type 2 diabetes mellitus. It has been shown to improve glycemic control and reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and cancer in patients
ENOUGH INFORMATION. SSRIs are effective for preventing migraine and tension-type headaches.
REFUTED. The open retropubic colposuspension is not an effective treatment for urinary incontinence. The procedure is associated with a high risk of complications, including voiding dysfunction, blad
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The efficacy of electrical cardioversion in reducing the risk of stroke in patients with atrial fibrillation is not clear. The current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of preoperative smoking interventions in reducing postoperative complications.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Topical steroids are effective treatments for bullous pemphigoid.
SUPPORTED. Concomitant chemoradiotherapy improves survival in locally advanced cervical cancer .
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Speech and language therapy is effective for adults with dysarthria after non-progressive brain damage .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Opiates are effective in treating neonatal abstinence syndrome compared to other treatments. The use of opiate medications such as methadone, buprenorphine, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Oral anticoagulants reduce the risk of stroke in patients with chronic atrial fibrillation. The use of anticoagulants in patients with atrial fibrillation is associated with
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . The current evidence suggests that interventions aimed at diet and physical activity effectively prevent obesity in children. A systematic review of 34 studies showed that interventions aimed at diet and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Adrenergic agonists are not recommended for the treatment of urinary incontinence in adults. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the effectiveness of adrenergic
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Traditional suburethral slings are effective in treating stress urinary incontinence compared to other management options. The traditional suburethral slings are considered the gold standard for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of depot antipsychotics like perphenazine decanoate and enanthate over other treatments for people with schizophren
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sertindole is a 5-HT2A/5-HT2C receptor antagonist that was developed for the treatment of schizophrenia. A randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulised hypertonic saline in people with cystic fibrosis. The Cochrane review on the topic found no evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of antibiotic prophylaxis in patients undergoing appendectomy. The use of antibiotic prophylaxis in patients undergoing appendect
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chest radiography in children with acute lower respiratory infections. However, the use of chest radiography is common in clinical practice.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that hip protectors reduce the risk of hip fractures in older people after a fall. However, there is also no evidence that hip protectors increase the risk of hip fract
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nasal CPAP in very preterm infants to reduce the need for intubation and prevent chronic lung disease. However, the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of anticonvulsant drugs for chronic pain management is controversial. Some studies have shown that anticonvulsant drugs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (meta-analysis) Smokers who used self-help materials were more likely to quit smoking than those who did not use any treatment .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of trophic feedings in high-risk neonates. The current literature is limited to small observational studies and case reports. The
SUPPORTED. Hospital at home is an effective alternative to in-patient hospital care .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Exercise therapy is effective for treating low-back pain in adults.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that antibiotics are effective in treating the common cold . The common cold is a viral infection, and antibiotics are effective against bacterial infections.
SUPPORTED. Vitamin D with calcium supplementation reduces the risk of hip fractures in older people .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intra-articular corticosteroid injections are commonly used to treat knee osteoarthritis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Acupuncture is effective for treating shoulder pain in adults [1, 2].
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that primary stenting reduces clinical outcomes compared to balloon angioplasty in patients with acute myocardial infarction. However, the current guidelines recommend
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Adding long-acting beta2-agonists to inhaled corticosteroids improves outcomes for steroid-naive patients with asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) . Weight loss interventions reduce the risk of diabetes in adults with prediabetes. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The early introduction of lipids is safe and effective for preterm infants. The early introduction of lipids in preterm infants has been shown to be safe and effective in several studies.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Neoadjuvant chemotherapy improves survival in patients with invasive bladder cancer. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy is the administration of chemotherapy before surgery. It is used
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of complementary interventions for bedwetting in children. The current evidence is limited to a few small studies with conflicting results.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Prophylactic cranial irradiation (PCI) is a controversial topic in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The benefit of PCI is still un
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Self-monitoring of blood glucose (SMBG) is effective for patients with type 2 diabetes who are not using insulin. SMBG can help patients with type 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of family therapy without medication in reducing ADHD symptoms in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions for treating bone disease after kidney transplantation in reducing fracture risk.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A quit and win contest is a type of financial incentive for smoking cessation. The evidence for the effectiveness of financial incentives
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research is focused on the effectiveness of antibiotics in treating acute dental pulpitis, but there is no evidence on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chest physiotherapy for infants with acute bronchiolitis. The Cochrane systematic review by Liu et al. 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the association between treating gastroesophageal reflux disease and chronic cough in patients without underlying respiratory issues.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) There is evidence that interventions organized through sporting settings can effectively increase participation in sports. A systematic review of 12 studies found that interventions organized through sporting settings can effectively increase
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of policy interventions in sporting organisations to increase healthy behaviours. However, there is some evidence
SUPPORTED. Sulfasalazine is an effective treatment for ankylosing spondylitis . Sulfasalazine is a prodrug that is metabolized to 5-ASA, a sulfon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calorie and protein-enriched formula in preterm or low birth weight infants after hospital discharge to improve their growth and development
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of paraprofessionals in treating anxiety and depressive disorders. However, there is evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal duration of antibiotic therapy for uncomplicated urinary tract infections is not well established. The duration of antibi
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vibroacoustic stimulation is effective and safe for assessing fetal well-being during labor. Vibroacoustic stimulation is a non-invasive method that can be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of hyperbaric oxygen treatment for malignant otitis externa. However, there is a case report of a patient with malignant otitis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the claim that unit-dose packaging of antimalarial drugs improves treatment adherence in people with uncomplicated malaria. A systematic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of lactase in preterm infants to improve growth and feeding tolerance. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. A random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of inpatient opioid detoxification programs compared to other detoxification programs. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of physical measures in treating depression in patients on dialysis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that fluoroquinolones are more effective than other antibiotics for treating enteric fever. However, the evidence is insufficient to refute the hypothesis that fluoro
SUPPORTED. Ultrasound examination is a useful tool for the diagnosis of blunt abdominal trauma . It is a non-invasive, portable, and relatively inexpensive method that can be used to assess the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The Safe Communities model is a public health approach to violence prevention that involves collaboration between multiple sectors to identify and address the root causes of violence. The model has been implemented in various settings, including
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of intravenous immunoglobulin on strength in patients with multifocal motor neuropathy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The treatment of open angle glaucoma is based on the severity of the disease. The initial treatment is usually medical, but
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Antidepressants are effective in preventing postnatal depression when used alongside standard care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of ambulatory oxygen therapy in patients with COPD is controversial. Some studies have shown that ambulatory oxygen therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal frequency of dental check-ups is not clear. The frequency of dental check-ups is determined by the patient's risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The main reason is that there is no clinical trial comparing the effectiveness of bioresorbable implants and non-resorbable implants for
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The quality of life is better for rectal cancer patients who undergo sphincter-preserving surgery compared to those with a permanent colostomy . The sphincter-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no clinical research on the effect of competitions and incentives on long-term smoking cessation rates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamins to improve seizure control or quality of life in people with epilepsy. However, there is some evidence to suggest that vit
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Electrotherapy is a broad term that includes a variety of modalities such as transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS), interferential current (IFC), and functional electrical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence that topical anaesthetics are effective for relieving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Clinical decision support systems (CDSSs) are designed to aid clinicians in decision-making by providing patient-specific assessments and recommendations based on the best available evidence. CDSSs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for methaqualone abuse or dependence. The most effective treatment for methaqualone dependence is abstinence. There is no evidence that any specific treatment is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of NSAIDs over opioids for managing pain in acute renal colic. The current evidence is based on studies with a high
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Lifestyle and behavioral weight loss interventions are effective in helping adults with type 2 diabetes lose weight.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin supplements to prevent miscarriage. The most recent Cochrane review on this topic included 11 RCTs with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on vitamin E supplementation in pregnancy found no clear evidence of benefit or harm of vitamin E supplement
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The MAGIC trial showed that chemotherapy improved survival in advanced gastric cancer compared to best supportive care .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective for treating depression. A systematic review of 18 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,173 participants showed that acupunct
SUPPORTED. Music therapy improves outcomes for people with serious mental illnesses like schizophrenia. Music therapy has been shown to improve symptoms of depression, anxiety, and stress in people with schizophrenia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The WHO recommends environmental sanitary measures to reduce the prevalence of active trachoma in endemic areas. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question. The effectiveness of low-dose estrogen contraceptives is not well studied. However, there is evidence that low-dose est
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that moxibustion is effective in changing the presentation of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium sulfate is a safe and effective bronchodilator in acute asthma exacerbations. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The decision to remove impacted wisdom teeth should be based on the potential risk of complications and the need for treatment of the third m
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of red-light cameras to reduce the number of road crashes and casualties. The effectiveness of red-light cameras in reducing the number of cr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychological interventions in achieving sustained weight loss.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of glucocorticosteroids for primary biliary cirrhosis found no studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no research on the effectiveness of cognitive-behavioural training for foster children and their carers. However, there is some evidence
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Universal newborn hearing screening is more effective than targeted screening for high-risk infants in identifying infants with hearing loss.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Olanzapine is effective in reducing aggressive behavior in patients with schizophrenia and bipolar disorder .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of urinary or recombinant gonadotrophins for triggering ovulation. The choice of triggering ovulation is based
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that flushing a woman's fallopian tubes with oil-soluble contrast media improves fertility outcomes. However, there is a risk of adverse
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Pharmacological cardioversion of atrial fibrillation reduces the risk of stroke compared to rate control.
SUPPORTED. Prone positioning improves oxygenation in infants and children with acute respiratory distress syndrome (ARDS) . The prone position improves oxygenation by reducing ventilation-perfusion mismatch
SUPPORTED. Alpha-glucosidase inhibitors are effective in reducing postprandial hyperglycemia in patients with type 2 diabetes . They are also effective in reducing HbA1c levels in
SUPPORTED. (moderate) A systematic review of 11 studies with 1,200 participants showed that interventions to improve adherence to treatment recommendations in people with type 2 diabetes were effective in
SUPPORTED: (beneficial effects) Milk thistle has been shown to have beneficial effects in patients with alcoholic or viral liver diseases. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, it is known that NSAIDs increase the risk of bleeding in adults after tonsillectomy. Therefore, it is recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) is a functional disorder of the gastrointestinal tract. The pathophysiology of IBS is not well understood. The symptoms
SUPPORTED. Workplace interventions can help workers to stop smoking or reduce tobacco consumption.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Prophylactic treatment with clotting factor concentrates reduces bleeding in people with severe hemophilia A or B. Prophylaxis is the standard of care for people with severe hem
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium channel blockers to reduce the risk of acute tubular necrosis after kidney transplantation. The current evidence is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The duration of antithyroid drug therapy in treating Graves' hyperthyroidism is determined by the type of antithy
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Group-based training is effective for improving health outcomes in people with type 2 diabetes. Group-based training is a form of physical activity that involves a group of people with similar health conditions or
SUPPORTED. Heroin maintenance treatment is effective for retaining patients in treatment compared to methadone .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological interventions are effective in treating post-traumatic stress disorder.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of combination chemotherapy regimens in metastatic breast cancer has been shown to improve outcomes compared to single agents. The use of combination chemotherapy regimens in metastatic
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Taxane-containing chemotherapy regimens improve outcomes for women with metastatic breast cancer. Taxanes are a class of chemotherapy agents that are derived from the Pacific yew tree
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of IVF over other treatments for couples with unexplained infertility. The current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion on the
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Acupuncture is effective for treating patients with acute stroke. Acupuncture is safe for treating patients with acute stroke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of protein and energy supplements to improve nutritional status in older people. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether protein and energy supplement
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: B) The Lambert-Eaton myasthenic syndrome (LEMS) is a rare autoimmune disease characterized by progressive muscle weakness. The main treatment for LEMS is ch
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of long-term maintenance therapy for adults with gastro-oesophageal reflux disease is not clear.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulised salbutamol or IV insulin-and-glucose as first-line treatments for emergency hyperkalaemia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of base infusion or fluid bolus in preterm infants with metabolic acidosis. The current research has not provided sufficient evidence to
SUPPORTED. Memantine is a medication that is used to treat Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia. It works by blocking the NMDA receptor, which is a type of glutam
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Inhaled fluticasone propionate is effective for treating chronic asthma compared to placebo. The Cochrane review of 2016 included 10
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Benperidol is effective and safe for treating schizophrenia and similar psychoses. Benperidol is a butyrophenone derivative that has been used in the treatment
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that school-based interventions can reduce the use of tobacco, alcohol, and illicit drugs among students .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is based on a single randomized controlled trial (RCT) that compared epoprostenol sodium with place
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Glucosamine is effective in treating pain and function in osteoarthritis. Glucosamine is a popular supplement used to treat osteoarthritis. A systematic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Tiotropium is a long-acting anticholinergic bronchodilator that has been shown to improve lung function and reduce exacerbations in patients with COPD. It is typically
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of heparin or aspirin in women with antiphospholipid antibodies to reduce pregnancy loss.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Glucocorticosteroids are effective in the treatment of autoimmune myasthenia gravis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Neuromuscular paralysis is not recommended for newborns on mechanical ventilation. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of neuromuscular paralysis
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The effectiveness of disease management interventions for patients with chronic heart failure has been demonstrated in several studies. A systematic review of 20 randomized controlled trials involving 2,200 patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-corticosteroid immunosuppressive agents in reducing relapses in children with steroid-sensitive neph
SUPPORTED. . Powered toothbrushes are more effective than manual toothbrushes in removing dental plaque.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic found 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing room
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Women's Health Initiative (WHI) study was a large, randomized clinical trial that investigated the effects of hormone
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that one surgical technique is superior to another for the treatment of chronic anal fissures. The choice of surgical technique should be based on the surgeon's experience
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature published in 2018 found that colchicine may have a beneficial effect on liver
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no consensus on the role of postoperative radiotherapy in completely resected non-small cell lung cancer. The role of postoperative radiotherapy in completely resected
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of COX inhibitors in preterm infants is controversial. Some studies have shown that the use of COX inhibitors may improve outcomes for mothers and their preterm infants,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review  showed that there is no evidence of the effect of nutritional interventions on recovery in older people after a
REFUTED. There is no evidence that antibiotics help reduce active trachoma. The current evidence suggests that antibiotics are effective in reducing the signs of active trachoma, but not in preventing the development of tr
SUPPORTED. Aerobic exercise is safe and effective for adults living with HIV/AIDS. Aerobic exercise has been shown to improve cardiorespiratory fitness, muscle strength, and quality of life in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of any specific surgical approach or technique for the fixation of intracapsular hip fractures. The choice of surgical approach and technique
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 19 studies found that interventions aimed at encouraging breastfeeding increased the number of women who started to breastfeed . The review found that the interventions were effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Olanzapine is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to other antipsychotic medications. Olanzapine is a second-generation antipsychotic medication that has
SUPPORTED. (surgical treatment is more effective than conservative treatment for anterior cruciate ligament injuries).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Individual counselling is effective in helping smokers quit smoking.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous aminophylline in children with acute severe asthma. Aminophylline is a xanthine derivative
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, it is important to note that substituting nurses for doctors in primary care is a complex and multifaceted issue
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Reminiscence therapy improves mood and well-being in older people with dementia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The use of corticosteroids in the treatment of pulmonary sarcoidosis is controversial. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether corticosteroids provide a benefit in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that adopting a hands and knees position during late pregnancy helps improve fetal positioning.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Group therapy is effective for smoking cessation, but there is not enough information to support that group therapy is more effective than self-help methods. A systematic review of 12 randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of manual therapies for treating asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of percutaneous transluminal angioplasty with or without stenting for the treatment of vertebral artery stenosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of shock absorbing inserts in footwear to reduce stress fractures in active young adults.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
SUPPORTED. Early supported discharge (ESD) is a service that provides early supported care to patients who have been discharged from the hospital after a stroke. The service is designed to help patients with stroke transition from hospital
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of medicines and injections for mechanical neck disorders.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cyclosporine is not recommended for induction of remission in active Crohn's disease. However, there is insufficient evidence to make a conclusion about the efficacy of cy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on the use of heparinoids for acute ischaemic stroke showed that there is a lack
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness of family therapy in combination with medication for asthma
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for schizophrenia. ECT is a safe and effective treatment for schizophrenia, especially for patients who
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The effectiveness of psychosocial interventions for treating opiate dependence has been supported by clinical research. A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that psych
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support this question. The occlusal scheme of complete dentures is selected based on the patient's denture scheme, the patient's preference, and the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine use of nasogastric decompression after abdominal surgery. However, there is evidence that routine nasogastric decompression is associated with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear effective intervention for treating infantile esotropia. The current treatment methods include: (1) non-surgical treatment: (a) prismatic adhes
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Botulinum toxin is an effective treatment for blepharospasm. Botulinum toxin is a neurotoxin that inhibits the release of acetylch
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Botulinum toxin is an effective and safe treatment for hemifacial spasm. Botulinum toxin is a neurotoxin that inhibits the release of ac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the use of plasma alkalinisation with sodium bicarbonate in the treatment of acute organophosphorus poisoning. The use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that prophylactic treatment is effective in preventing meningococcal disease after contact with an infected person. The CDC recommends that people who have been in close
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not recommended for the treatment of acute laryngitis because it is usually caused by viruses. However, antibiotics may be prescribed in cases of acute laryng
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in hearing improvement between the hyperbar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Distraction techniques are not effective for treating people with schizophrenia. However, there is insufficient evidence to support this statement.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2016 found no RCTs that met
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best way to combine chemotherapy and chest radiotherapy for improving survival in limited-stage small cell lung cancer. The current evidence is insufficient to determine the optimal combination of chem
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Surgical resection is the standard of care for patients with early stage non-small cell lung cancer. In the National Lung Screening Trial (NLST), surgical resection
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that water-soluble contrast media help predict the success of conservative treatment for small bowel obstruction. However, there is no evidence that water-soluble contrast
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of routine scaling and polishing for improving periodontal health is still controversial.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Antibiotic therapy is effective for treating Clostridium difficile-associated diarrhea in adults. Antibiotic therapy is the most common cause of Clost
SUPPORTED. Rofecoxib is effective for treating moderate to severe postoperative pain. Rofecoxib is a selective cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitor that has
RATIONALE: The current guidelines recommend coronary artery bypass graft surgery (CABG) for patients with multivessel disease and left main disease, and for patients with left main disease, CABG is superior
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Influenza is a common respiratory disease caused by influenza viruses. It is characterized by fever, cough,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether wound drains provide benefits for women undergoing caesarean sections. A Cochrane review published in 2019  found that there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of herbal medicines to reduce the side effects of chemotherapy in colorectal cancer patients.
SUPPORTED. Providing parents in the NICU with audiotape recordings of their consultations with neonatologists improves communication . The use of audiotape recordings of consultations with neonatologists
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of recombinant human growth hormone therapy on children with X-linked hypophosphatemia. Therefore, it is not possible to answer this
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of community-wide interventions in reducing fall-related injuries in older people. The Cochrane systematic review by Gillespie et al. (
SUPPORTED. Endothelin receptor antagonists improve outcomes in pulmonary arterial hypertension .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antibiotics are effective in treating whooping cough by shortening the duration of symptoms and reducing the duration of the coughing fit. However, antibiotics do not prevent the spread of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical research on the use of thrombolytic agents in newborns. The use of thrombolytic agents in newborns is not recommended.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Botulinum toxin type B is an effective and safe treatment for cervical dystonia. Botulinum toxin type B is a safe and effective treatment for cerv
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. . Botulinum toxin Type A is more effective than anticholinergic drugs for treating cervical dystonia. Botulinum toxin Type A is more
SUPPORTED. Providing financial support for smoking cessation treatment helps people quit smoking. The US Preventive Services Task Force recommends providing financial support for smoking cessation treatment for pregnant women and their partners .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cyclosporine A is not recommended for the treatment of ulcerative colitis. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of cyclosporine A in the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials showed that topical NSAIDs were effective in reducing postoperative corne
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Opioid analgesics are not recommended for newborns on mechanical ventilation. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioid analgesics for newborn
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions applied immediately after birth to prevent hypothermia in preterm infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of psychological treatments for patients with normal coronary anatomy and non
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Pharmacotherapy is effective for weight loss in adults with type 2 diabetes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016 compared the efficacy of continuous epidural analgesia and patient-controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the use of braces or orthoses in the treatment of knee osteoarthritis. The use of braces or orthoses is not recommended for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of center-based physical activity programs compared to home-based physical activity programs for older adults.
SUPPORTED. Lay health workers can improve health outcomes and patient satisfaction in community health care. Lay health workers are community health workers who are trained to provide basic health care to the community. They can provide preventive care, health education
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that removing indwelling urethral catheters at midnight is beneficial. The current research has shown that the timing of catheter removal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intrarectal quinine for treating malaria in children. The Cochrane review of the use of intravenous, intram
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Exercise therapy is beneficial for patients with Multiple Sclerosis in improving daily activities and quality of life. Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic inflammatory
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Strength training and aerobic exercise training provide benefits for patients with muscle diseases.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of supportive devices in managing shoulder issues after a stroke. However, further research is needed to determine the effectiveness of these devices.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the efficacy and adverse effects of human and animal insulin. However, human insulin is more expensive than animal insulin. Therefore, it is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Oral 5-ASA agents are effective for maintaining remission in Crohn's disease. The efficacy of 5-ASA agents in inducing and maintaining rem
SUPPORTED. Rofecoxib is effective for treating rheumatoid arthritis compared to placebo. Rofecoxib is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (N
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The choice of vaginal hysterectomy or abdominal hysterectomy depends on the patient's preference,
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Botulinum toxin is an effective treatment for cervical dystonia. Botulinum toxin is a neurotoxin that inhibits the release of acetyl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Acute pancreatitis is an inflammatory disease of the pancreas. The main clinical manifestations are abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, fever
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Methotrexate is effective for inducing remission in patients with active Crohn's disease. The efficacy of methotrexate in inducing remission
SUPPORTED. Perphenazine is a typical antipsychotic medication that has been used to treat schizophrenia for over 50 years. It has similar efficacy and safety compared to other antips
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 1,100 patients with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has not been able to prove the effectiveness of the frameless IUD Gynefix in reducing the risk of exp
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Physical activity is a key component of a healthy lifestyle and is associated with a reduced risk of chronic diseases, such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer. Physical activity is also associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The prevalence of retinal detachment in patients with asymptomatic retinal breaks and lattice degeneration is low. The risk of
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether adding a long-acting beta2-agonist is more effective than adding a leukotriene receptor antagonist
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends medical abortion as the preferred method for first-trimester abortion, as it is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antioxidant medications have a beneficial effect in treating amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. The ALS-MRI study (1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a single long-acting depot dose of GnRHa in IVF cycles. The current evidence is limited to one randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for burning mouth syndrome. The current treatment options are mainly symptomatic and include topical analgesics, topical steroids, anticonvulsants, ant
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Inhaled beclomethasone dipropionate is effective in treating chronic asthma. Inhaled corticosteroids (ICSs) are the most effective controller medications
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Clomiphene citrate is an effective treatment for women with anovulation. Clomiphene citrate is a non-steroidal selective estrogen receptor mod
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of phosphodiesterase inhibitors in patients with chronic heart failure found no evidence of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that eradicating H. pylori improves symptoms in patients with non-ulcer dyspepsia. The current evidence is conflicting
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that any antithrombotic drug is effective in preventing reocclusion after peripheral endovascular treatment. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of self-administered airway clearance techniques over conventional chest physiotherapy for improving respiratory function in cystic fibrosis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioid antagonists for the treatment of alcohol dependence. The use of opioid antagonists for the treatment of alcohol dependence is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical treatments to improve the appearance of photodamaged skin.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that regular follow-up examinations for breast cancer patients are effective in improving survival and quality of life.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of corticosteroids in children with steroid-sensitive nephrotic syndrome (SSNS) has been shown to be effective in inducing remission and preventing relapse
SUPPORTED. There is evidence that interventions with retailers reduce underage access to tobacco products. In a systematic review, the authors found that interventions with retailers reduced the prevalence of underage tobacco purchase attempts (OR
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of patient education in preventing foot ulcers in people with diabetes. However, there is evidence that patient education can improve knowledge and self-care behaviors in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Glutamine is a conditionally essential amino acid that plays a crucial role in maintaining gut integrity, immune function, and protein synthesis. Preterm infants are at risk of glut
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Immunotherapy with nivolumab or pembrolizumab is superior to everolimus in terms of overall survival in patients with advanced renal cell carcinoma
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective for treating chronic low-back pain. A systematic review of 18 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 10,240 participants showed that acup
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Corticosteroids are effective in reducing the risk of mortality and the need for mechanical ventilation in patients with acute exacerbations of COPD.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) The polysaccharide serogroup A meningococcal vaccine is effective in preventing serogroup A meningococcal meningitis in children and adults
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of membrane sweeping in the third trimester to effectively induce labor. The Cochrane review of 2016 included
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Fluphenazine decanoate and enanthate are effective treatments for schizophrenia. Fluphenazine decanoate and enanthate are long-acting injectable
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium antagonists in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage. A systematic review of randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotic treatment of bacterial vaginosis in pregnancy to prevent preterm birth. The current evidence is conflicting and does not support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Somatostatin and its analogues have been used to treat bleeding oesophageal varices. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of somatostatin or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of organized follow-up systems in improving blood pressure control in patients with hypertension. However, there is evidence that a follow-up system can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. NSAIDs are not recommended for the treatment of cancer pain. However, NSAIDs are used to treat non-cancer pain. NSAIDs are not recommended for the treatment of cancer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of haloperidol plus promethazine for the treatment of psychosis-induced agitation/aggression. However, there are some
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Rofecoxib is effective and safe for managing osteoarthritis . Rofecoxib is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSA
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of oximes in the treatment of acute organophosphorus pesticide poisoning is not recommended. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of vision screening programs in schools. The Cochrane systematic review by Smith et al. 2017  summarized the evidence from
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of interventions for obsessive-compulsive symptoms in people with schizophren
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in improving outcomes for opioid detoxification when combined with pharmacological treatments.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of trazodone for treating behavioral issues in people with dementia. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that there is a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The pneumococcal conjugate vaccine has been shown to be effective in reducing the incidence of pneumonia and invasive pneumococcal disease in young children.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Peri-implantitis is a chronic inflammatory disease affecting implant supporting tissues. The treatment of peri-implantitis is based on mechanical debridement of the
SUPPORTED. Amphetamines have clinically meaningful effects on people with schizophrenia. Amphetamines are effective in reducing the positive symptoms of schizophrenia and improving cognitive function in patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of one method of anterior cervical interbody fusion over the other in patients with degenerative disc disease. The choice of method should be based
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antifibrinolytic drugs in trauma patients. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Fertility awareness-based methods are effective for contraception. Fertility awareness-based methods are the most cost-effective contraceptive methods. However, they have a high
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. D-penicillamine is not recommended for the treatment of primary biliary cirrhosis. However, it is still used in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of transdermal nicotine for inducing remission in ulcerative colitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of catheter-related interventions to prevent peritonitis in peritoneal dialysis. The current evidence is limited to one random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is evidence that antimicrobial approaches are effective in preventing peritonitis in patients undergoing peritone
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness and safety of Zhiling decoction for treating vascular dementia. Therefore, it is not possible to determine whether Zhiling deco
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether alternative techniques for closing the abdominal wall during caesarean section are better for maternal health. The current evidence is limited to observational studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2015  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in mortality between the H
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of COMT inhibitors in combination with levodopa has been shown to improve motor function in patients with Parkinson
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that COMT inhibitors are effective in patients with Parkinson
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long inspiratory time in ventilated newborns to reduce death, air leaks, and bronchopulmonary dyspl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2019  included 11 RCTs with 1002
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intraventricular antibiotics are not recommended for neonatal meningitis. However, there is insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The use of corticosteroids in the treatment of acute lung injury and acute respiratory distress syndrome is supported by the current evidence. The use of corticosteroids in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of low glycaemic index diets to reduce coronary heart disease and its risk factors. The effect of low glycaemic index di
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that discontinuing epidural analgesia late in labour reduces the rate of instrumental deliveries. The current research does not provide sufficient information to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. Oral appliances are effective in reducing the severity of obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) in adults . Oral appliances are custom-made devices that are worn during sleep to keep the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. Arteether is not recommended for the treatment of severe malaria. Arteether is not recommended for the treatment of severe malaria. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends intravenous artes
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of chlorproguanil-dapsone for treating uncomplicated falcipar
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The effect of interventions aimed at improving adherence to lipid lowering drugs is clear. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials showed that interventions aimed at improving ad
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of betamimetics in delaying delivery in women with preterm labor. The use of betamimetics in women with preterm labor is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of PEEP during neonatal resuscitation to reduce mortality or morbidity. The use of PEEP during neonatal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of arginine supplementation to reduce the incidence of necrotising enterocolitis in preterm infants. A systematic review published
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral indomethacin is effective for treating acute postoperative pain in adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Dan Shen agents are not recommended for the treatment of acute ischaemic stroke. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of Dan Shen agents in the treatment of ac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that immunosuppressive treatment improves outcomes for adults with idiopathic membranous nephropathy. However, there is insufficient evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that statins did not reduce the risk of major
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of H2-receptor antagonists at bedtime to reduce nocturnal gastric acid breakthrough. However, there is evidence
EFFECTIVE: Interactive Health Communication Applications are effective for improving health outcomes in people with chronic disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Progressive resistive exercise is safe and effective for adults living with HIV infection.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific treatment for postpartum anaemia in improving clinical outcomes.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Sublingual misoprostol is effective for cervical ripening and induction of labour. The efficacy of sublingual misoprostol for cervical ri
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Anticonvulsants are effective for treating seizures in neonates. Anticonvulsants are effective in reducing the frequency and duration of seizures in neonates. The most
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no proven effective treatment for priapism in sickle cell disease. The current treatment is mainly symptomatic and includes oxygen therapy, hydration, and phosphodiester
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant supplements for the prevention of gastrointestinal cancers. The use of antioxidant supplements
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that telephone consultation improves patient satisfaction and reduces the need for in-person visits. However, there is evidence that telephone consultation can be used to improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of ignition interlock programmes in reducing recidivism rates in drink drivers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of oral substitution treatment for opioid-dependent injecting drug users in reducing HIV infection rates. However, there is evidence that methadone
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Force platform feedback improves standing balance in individuals after a stroke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fetal pulse oximetry is a method of fetal monitoring that measures the oxygen saturation of the fetus' blood. It is a non-invasive method that can be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chlorhexidine vaginal douching during labor to reduce maternal and neonatal infections. A Cochrane review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of surgery for women with pelvic organ prolapse. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether surgery is effective in treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on radiotherapy for neovascular age-related macular degeneration is still in the exploratory stage, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of oral antibiotics as an alternative to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the optimal rehabilitation strategy after flexor tendon injuries in the hand. The current literature is limited to small case series and case reports. The rehabilitation protocol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis over hospital or home haemodialysis for adults with end-stage renal disease
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends that all newborns receive prophylactic antibiotics if the mother has a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Exercise therapy improves functional ability in people with peripheral neuropathy. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 666
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of estrogens or progestins to reduce morbidity and mortality in preterm infants. A Cochrane review published in
SUPPORTED. H. pylori eradication therapy is effective for treating peptic ulcer disease . The efficacy of H. pylori eradication therapy in patients with peptic ulcer disease has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific medication to prevent oral candidiasis in cancer patients undergoing treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that antibiotic prophylaxis reduces the rate of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends the use of standard ORS for the treatment of cholera. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of partial liquid ventilation in adults with acute lung injury or acute respiratory distress syndrome. A systematic review published in 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of selenium supplementation in critically ill adults. A systematic review published in 2019 included 11 randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of early endoscopic retrograde cholangio-pancreatography in the management of severe gallstone-associated acute p
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sildenafil is a phosphodiesterase type 5 (PDE5) inhibitor that is used to treat erectile dysfunction and pulmonary hypert
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of interventions to improve compliance with CPAP therapy has been shown to effectively increase its usage. A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of thickened feeds or metoclopramide to improve symptoms of gastro-esophageal reflux in infants.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Intramuscular botulinum toxin A is effective for managing upper limb function in children with spastic cerebral palsy.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Insulin combined with oral hypoglycaemic agents is effective for patients with type 2 diabetes who have poor glycaemic control. Insulin combined with oral hypoglycaemic
SUPPORTED. The current evidence suggests that transferring two embryos during IVF increases the chances of live birth compared to transferring one embryo. However, the chances of live birth are reduced when more than two emb
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Tapered methadone is effective for managing opioid withdrawal. The use of tapered methadone for managing opioid withdrawal has been supported by several studies. A randomized
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Behavioural and cognitive behavioural interventions are effective for reducing aggressive behaviour in people with learning disabilities. Aggressive behaviour is a common problem in people with learning disabilities,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antitumour antibiotics in combination with chemotherapy for the treatment of metastatic breast cancer. The use of antitum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of medications in treating acute heterotopic ossification.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of short-acting insulin analogues over regular human insulin in diabetic patients. The benefits of short-acting insulin analogues
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Delaying umbilical cord clamping in preterm infants is associated with improved hematocrit levels, higher hemoglobin levels, and increased blood volume in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effect of omega 3 fatty acids on total mortality and cardiovascular events is still controversial. Some studies have shown that omega 3 fatty acids can
SUPPORTED. Memantine is a N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist that has been approved for the treatment of moderate to severe Alzheimer's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the use of dopaminergic agonists in the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is based on a single RCT with a small sample size. The results of this study are not consistent. The
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Hormone therapy (HT) is effective in reducing hot flushes and night sweats in menopausal women. The North American Menopause Society (NAMS) recommends
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antioxidant medications have a beneficial effect in treating amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. The ALS-MRI study (1
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Physiotherapy is effective in managing ankylosing spondylitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether prophylactic mastectomy reduces the risk of death from breast cancer in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Clotiapine is not recommended for the treatment of acute psychotic illnesses.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of nursing-led inpatient units in preparing patients for hospital discharge. However, there is some evidence that these units can improve patient satisfaction and reduce
SUPPORTED. Concurrent chemoradiotherapy improves overall survival compared to radiotherapy alone .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of prophylactic drainage after colorectal surgery. The use of prophylactic drainage after colorectal surgery is controversial.
SUPPORTED. Proton pump inhibitors are more effective than H2-receptor antagonists for treating gastro-oesophageal reflux disease symptoms . This is supported by a systematic review and meta-analysis
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Buprenorphine is effective for managing opioid withdrawal symptoms. Buprenorphine is a partial μ-opioid receptor agonist that can be used to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of alpha2 adrenergic agonists in managing opioid withdrawal symptoms. However, alpha2 adrenergic agonists are
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend that patients with non-ulcer dyspepsia should be treated with acid-suppressive drugs only if
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of over-the-counter cough medicines for treating acute cough. The evidence is insufficient because of the low quality of the included studies and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, it is not recommended to insert an IUD immediately after an abortion due to the risk of infection and expulsion of the I
SUPPORTED. Galantamine is a cholinesterase inhibitor that has been shown to improve cognitive function and slow the progression of Alzheimer's disease in clinical trials. It is currently approved for the treatment
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Depot pipotiazine palmitate is an effective treatment option for people with schizophrenia. Depot antipsychotics are effective in reducing symptoms of schizoph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that different mobilisation strategies after hip fracture surgery improve recovery. However, there is evidence that early mobilisation after hip fracture surgery improves recovery.
SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic surgery offers advantages over conventional surgery for treating acute appendicitis. Laparoscopic appendectomy is associated with shorter hospital stay, lower postoperative pain, and lower rates
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that albumin reduces mortality in critically ill patients. In fact, a large multicenter trial showed that albumin was associated with increased mortality in critically ill patients .
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based). Medication is effective in treating social phobia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of methods to reduce house dust mite allergens to improve asthma symptoms in sensitive individuals.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychosocial interventions in reducing the risk of postpartum depression.
SUPPORTED. LMWH is as effective as UFH for treating venous thromboembolism . LMWH is preferred over UFH because of its predictable anticoagulant effect, fewer
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based crisis intervention (EBI) is effective in reducing hospitalization rates and reducing the need for coercive measures in patients with acute episodes of serious mental illness)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  included 11 RCTs and 1 observational study. The
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Smoking cessation programs during pregnancy have been shown to improve outcomes for mothers and their babies. A Cochrane review of 29 trials found that smoking cessation programs during pregnancy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The effect of vitamin C on the incidence and severity of the common cold is still controversial. The Cochrane review of 2013 concluded that there is no evidence that
REFUTED. There is no evidence that colloid solutions reduce mortality compared to crystalloid fluids in critically ill patients. In fact, the use of colloids is associated with an increased risk of acute
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to standard care. The efficacy of CBT in schizophrenia has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing general and regional anaesthesia for hip fracture surgery found no significant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The optimal dose of thrombolytic agents in treating acute ischaemic stroke is still controversial. Some studies suggest that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that either expansion or restriction of fluid volume affects the outcome of patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al.  compared the effects of synchronized and conventional mechanical ventilation on the incidence of pneum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. Antibiotics do not provide significant benefits for treating acute bronchitis. Antibiotics are not effective against viruses, which are the most common cause of acute bronchitis. Antib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Anticoagulant therapy is more effective than antiplatelet therapy for preventing stroke in people with nonrheumatic atrial fibrillation and a history of transient is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aerosolized ribavirin is not recommended for the treatment of infants and children with RSV infections. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous fluid preloading before regional analgesia during labor. The current research has not provided enough evidence to support the use of intraven
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of physician advice on smoking cessation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. Antipsychotic medications are effective in treating schizophrenia in people with learning disability. However, there is a higher risk of extrapyramidal side effects in people with learning disability compared to people without
SUPPORTED. (modest reduction in salt intake lowers blood pressure in individuals with normal and elevated blood pressure) . A modest reduction in salt intake lowers blood pressure in individuals with normal and elevated blood pressure
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the superiority of TIPS over paracentesis for the treatment of refractory ascites in cirrhotic patients. The choice of treatment should be
REFUTED. Systemic glucocorticoids are not effective for treating infants and young children with acute viral bronchiolitis. The Cochrane systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the idea that different progestogens in oral contraceptives affect their effectiveness and side effects.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of psychological interventions in reducing sexual offending behaviors in convicted individuals.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of Tai Chi for people with rheumatoid arthritis. However, Tai Chi may be a safe and feasible complementary and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there are some studies that have shown that antiepileptic drugs used during pregnancy can affect the development of children. For
REFUTED. There is no evidence that switching to an alternative opioid is useful for patients with inadequate pain relief or intolerable side effects. The evidence suggests that switching to an alternative opioid is not effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that luteal phase support increases the pregnancy rate after assisted
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best method for treating mallet finger injuries. The choice of treatment depends on the severity of the injury, the patient's occupation, and the patient's preference.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that methotrexate was not effective in treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of one semen preparation technique over another for intrauterine insemination. The current evidence suggests that the choice of semen preparation technique
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that antibiotic prophylaxis reduces the risk of infection
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of oral contraceptives for the treatment of acne. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. G-CSF is not recommended for the treatment of pneumonia in non-neutropaenic adults. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of community-based interventions in reducing burns and scalds in children. However, there is evidence that community-based interventions can reduce
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Botulinum toxin is effective for treating spasmodic dysphonia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials comparing the quality of life after anterior resection and abdominoperineal excision for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no male hormonal contraceptive currently approved for clinical use. The most advanced clinical trials of male contraceptives are still in phase III. The most promising one is a
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The Cochrane review of 2013  showed that behavioral interventions can help people quit using smokeless tobacco. The review included 12 trials with a total of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Ciliary neurotrophic factor (CNTF) is a member of the IL-6 family of cytok
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that increased water intake helps prevent urinary calculi. However, there is evidence that increased water intake helps treat urinary calculi.
RATIONALE: The incidence of invasive fungal infections in solid organ transplant recipients is high, and the mortality rate is as high as 50% . The use of antifungal prophyl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that there is insufficient evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Albumin infusion in preterm neonates with low serum albumin does not reduce mortality and morbidity. However, there is insufficient evidence to support this statement.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of ATLS training in reducing mortality and morbidity for trauma victims. The current research has not provided enough evidence to support the effectiveness of AT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of ozone on dental caries has not been studied in humans. However, in vitro studies have shown that ozone
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Non-invasive positive pressure ventilation is effective for treating respiratory failure in COPD patients. Non-invasive positive pressure ventilation can reduce mortality and improve respir
SUPPORTED: (Yes) . Dietary advice is an important part of the management of type 2 diabetes. The American Diabetes Association (ADA) recommends that people with type 2 diabetes should be encouraged to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium channel blockers to prevent preterm birth after threatened preterm labour. However, there is evidence that calcium channel blockers are effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of glucocorticosteroids in patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis is not recommended due to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The effects of placebo interventions are not clinically important on patient outcomes. The placebo effect is a psychological phenomenon in which a patient experiences a real improvement in symptoms or function after receiving a placebo. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nasogastric tubes over orogastric tubes in preterm infants. The current literature does not provide sufficient evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that preoperative skin antisepsis reduces the risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Inhaled insulin has been shown to be effective in maintaining glycaemic control compared to injected insulin. In a randomized controlled trial, inhaled insulin was found
SUPPORTED. (systematic reviews and meta-analyses) Immediate or early loading of dental implants is associated with higher survival and success rates compared to conventionally loaded implants. Immediate or early loading of dental
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Omega-3 fatty acids improve symptoms in people with intermittent claudication. The effect of omega-3 fatty acids on intermittent claudication
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fluoride in preventing white spots on teeth during orthodontic treatment. The current literature is not conclusive on this matter.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The combination of inhaled corticosteroids and long-acting beta-agonists is recommended for the treatment of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. This combination therapy has been
SUPPORTED. Spinal cord stimulation is effective in relieving certain types of chronic pain. The effectiveness of spinal cord stimulation in relieving chronic pain has been demonstrated in several clinical trials. A systematic review and meta-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The safety and efficacy of hepatitis B vaccines in patients with chronic renal failure are not well established. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adapted soy formula to prevent allergy or food intolerance in infants. The current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether one vasopressor is superior to another in patients with circulatory shock. The current evidence is based on small trials and does not allow for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Open operative treatment is more effective than non-operative treatment for acute Achilles tendon ruptures.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Intramuscular penicillin administration to newborns at birth is an effective method to prevent early-onset group B streptococcal disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that face washing reduces the prevalence of active trachoma in endemic communities.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are many clinical studies on the use of Chinese herbal medicines in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. The results
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Anti-IgE treatment is effective for patients with allergic asthma. Omalizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to the Fc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that vaginal chlorhexidine reduces the incidence
EFFECTIVE: (supported). Music therapy is effective in treating behavioral and emotional problems in older people with dementia.
SUPPORTED. (moderate-quality evidence). Pharmacological interventions, including non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), topical NSAIDs, and opioids
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Intramuscular botulinum toxin A is effective for managing upper limb function in children with spastic cerebral palsy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that pharmacological or nutritional treatments improve exercise performance in McArdle's disease. However, there is some evidence that creatine supplementation may improve muscle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Erythropoietin is effective in the prevention and treatment of anaemia in cancer patients. The use of erythropoietin in cancer patients has been extens
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Platinum-containing chemotherapy regimens are effective for treating women with metastatic breast cancer. Platinum-based chemotherapy regimens have been shown to be effective in treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a high loading dose of quinine in severe malaria. A high loading dose of quinine is associated with a higher risk of hyp
SUPPORTED. Exercise training improves quality of life for patients with heart failure .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Anticholinergic agents are not recommended for treating chronic asthma. However, anticholinergic agents are used in acute asthma exacerbations.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of anticonvulsant drugs in the prevention of migraine attacks in adults. The use of anticonvulsant drugs in the prevention of migr
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Exercise therapy is effective for treating chronic fatigue syndrome. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that exercise therapy was effective in reducing fatigue and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Morton's neuroma is a condition that causes pain in the forefoot. It is caused by the thickening of the connective tissue around the digital nerve. The current treatment options for Morton's
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (early surfactant administration followed by extubation reduces the need for mechanical ventilation in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome) .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that enhancing partner support improves smoking cessation outcomes.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Scopolamine is effective in preventing motion sickness compared to no treatment or placebo.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychological interventions are effective in improving symptoms and quality of life for patients with non-ulcer dyspepsia. Psychological interventions, including cognitive behavioral therapy, relaxation therapy,
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic found 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing room
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Buprenorphine is effective for maintaining treatment in opioid-dependent individuals. Buprenorphine is effective for reducing illicit opioid use and retaining patients in treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that surgical treatment for tubal disease improves the success of IVF. The current research is insufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature published in 2015 found that spinal manipulation may be effective in reducing pain in patients
SUPPORTED. Proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) are effective in reducing rebleeding in patients with peptic ulcer bleeding. The use of PPIs in patients with peptic ulcer bleeding has been shown to reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of 2010 concluded that there is no evidence that low-level laser therapy is effective for treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hypertonic crystalloid in the treatment of hypovolaemia. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 random
REFUTED. There is no evidence that nasal decongestants are effective in relieving nasal congestion caused by the common cold. The use of nasal decongestants is not recommended in the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Bell's palsy is an acute peripheral facial paralysis caused by an inflammatory lesion of the facial nerve. The standard treatment for Bell's pals
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Alcohol-related injuries are reduced by interventions for problem drinking. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions for problem drinking reduced
SUPPORTED. Resin-based sealants are effective in preventing dental caries in children and adolescents . The use of resin-based sealants in permanent molars has been shown to reduce the risk of caries
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Hormonally impregnated intrauterine systems (IUSs) are highly effective in preventing pregnancy. The levonorgestrel-releasing IUS is 99% effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pressure-relieving surfaces to reduce the incidence of pressure ulcers compared to standard support surfaces. The use of pressure-relieving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of decongestants and antihistamines in children with acute otitis media. The Cochrane review on the use of de
RELIABLE: (supported). Depot bromperidol is more effective than placebo for treating schizophrenia. The efficacy of depot bromperidol in treating schizophrenia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that there is a significant benefit to treating children with vesicoureteric reflux. The treatment of vesicoureter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of fallopian tube sperm perfusion in the treatment of non-tubal subfertility. Intrauterine insemin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Levonorgestrel is an effective method for preventing pregnancy after unprotected intercourse. Levonorgestrel is a progestin that is highly effective in preventing pregnancy when taken within
SUPPORTED. Influenza vaccines are effective in preventing influenza in healthy adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hip protectors to prevent hip fractures in elderly individuals after a fall. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that prophylactic antibiotics reduce the occurrence of
RATIONALE: Amantadine and rimantadine are antiviral drugs that are used to treat influenza A infections. They work by blocking the M2 ion channel of the influenza virus, which is required for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 studies and found no evidence of the effect of perioper
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 studies (10 observational studies and 1 RCT) showed that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical cord care in newborns to prevent umbilical cord infection. The World Health Organization recommends no routine cord care for new
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of tamoxifen on survival in patients with advanced hepatocellular carcinoma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of vitamin C for asthma found no clear evidence of benefit . However, the
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Cognitive-behavioral therapy is effective for treating bulimia nervosa and related eating disorders. Cognitive-behavioral therapy is the most effective treatment for bulimia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Rapid smoking is a method in which a smoker is asked to smoke a series of cigarettes in a short period of time, usually 5 to 15 minutes. The method is
RATIONALE: The clinical research on the effectiveness of zuclopenthixol acetate for managing acute aggression in psychiatric patients is limited. There is only one randomized controlled trial (RCT) that compared zu
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of varicocele treatment on pregnancy rates in subfertile couples. The current research has not provided enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that reducing dietary sodium improves asthma management. The relationship between dietary sodium intake and asthma is complex and may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (not enough information). There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that antipsychotic medication is effective for managing challenging behavior in people with learning disabilities without additional mental illness.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Theophylline is a xanthine alkaloid that acts as a non-selective phosphodiesterase inhibitor, increasing cAMP levels. Theophylline has
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The use of low-dose corticosteroids is effective for treating rheumatoid arthritis in the short term. The Cochrane review of 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The evidence is conflicting. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that prostacyclin treatment did
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Nicotine replacement therapy is effective in helping people quit smoking.
SUPPORTED. Clonidine is effective in helping smokers to quit. Clonidine is a α2-adrenergic agonist that has been used as a treatment for hypertension.
SUPPORTED. Anticoagulant therapy improves outcomes for patients with acute ischaemic stroke. Anticoagulant therapy is effective in preventing recurrent stroke in patients with non-valvular atrial f
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no clinical research on the effect of reducing the number of daily doses of blood pressure medication on adherence.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Haloperidol is a butyrophenone that acts as a dopamine receptor antagonist. It is used
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral diclofenac is effective for treating acute postoperative pain. Diclofenac is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSA
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness and safety of velnacrine for treating Alzheimer's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing single fraction radiotherapy with multifraction radiotherapy for relieving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Aripiprazole is effective for treating schizophrenia. Aripiprazole is a third-generation antipsychotic that is effective in treating schizophrenia. Several random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support the use of colchicine in patients with primary biliary cirrhosis. However, colchicine is used in the treatment of primary biliary
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of recombinant FVIIa concentrate over plasma-derived concentrates for treating acute bleeding in people with haemophilia A and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether inhaled cromones are effective for treating prolonged non-specific cough in children
REFUTED. The use of antipsychotic drugs during pregnancy is associated with increased risk of adverse neonatal outcomes, including extrapyramidal and withdrawal symptoms, sedation, hypotonia, and even death .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Respite care is a service that provides temporary relief to family caregivers of people with dementia. It can include day care centers, adult day care, in-home respite,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research is not sufficient to support the hypothesis that delaying embryo transfer from day two to day three improves live birth
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of different types of urinary catheters in managing the neurogenic bladder. The choice of catheter type should be based on
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of motorcycle helmets has been shown to reduce the risk of death and head injuries in motorcycle crashes. A systematic review of 24 studies found that helmet use was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Tissue adhesives are effective for closing surgical wounds compared to traditional methods .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychological interventions to improve survival outcomes for women with metastatic breast cancer.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of percutaneous central venous catheters for parenteral nutrition in newborns. The use of percutaneous central venous
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of isotonic saline instead of hypotonic saline in managing acute infections. The use of isotonic saline in ac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that any treatment is effective for acute auricular haematoma. The treatment of acute auricular haematoma is controversial. The treatment options include observation, aspiration
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The optimal starting dose of inhaled corticosteroids for asthma management is still unclear. However, the dose of
SUPPORTED: (Yes) . Dietary advice is an important part of the management of type 2 diabetes. The American Diabetes Association (ADA) recommends that people with type 2 diabetes should be encouraged to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence is insufficient to support the hypothesis that NSAIDs help prevent or reduce colorectal adenomas and cancer. However, there is evidence that NSAIDs may increase
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, it is known that H. pylori eradication therapy is effective in preventing recurrent bleeding from peptic ulcers
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Prolotherapy injections are not a standardized treatment modality and there is a lack of high-quality evidence to support its use in the treatment of chronic low-back pain. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Bright light therapy is effective for treating seasonal depression but not non-seasonal depression. However, there is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of bright light therapy for non-seasonal depression.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Inositol is a naturally occurring cyclic sugar that is found in many foods and is also synthesized in the body. It
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Methadone is an effective and safe option for managing cancer pain. Methadone is a mu-opioid receptor agonist that is effective in treating moderate to severe pain
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic interventions to reduce the risk of infection in patients with nephrotic syndrome. The current evidence is limited to a single
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Bright light therapy is effective in managing sleep and behavioral issues in dementia patients. Bright light therapy is a non-pharmacological intervention that involves exposure to bright light, typically in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the use of valproic acid in the treatment of agitation in people with dementia. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no studies on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of conservative management approaches for women with pelvic organ prolapse.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of Ginkgo biloba for tinnitus found that the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of lower tidal volume ventilation improves survival in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome.
SUPPORTED. (Iodine supplementation is effective in preventing iodine deficiency disorders in children.) Iodine deficiency disorders (IDD) are a group of diseases caused by iodine deficiency. They
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (not enough information). The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether administering penicillin before dental procedures reduces the risk of bacterial endocarditis in at-risk patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: Epidural anaesthesia is more effective than spinal anaesthesia for caesarean sections. The epidural anaesthesia is associated with a lower risk of maternal
SUPPORTED. (effective) Communication skills training has been shown to improve health professionals' interactions with cancer patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tramadol is a centrally acting analgesic drug that is widely used for the treatment of moderate to moderately severe pain. It is often used as an alternative to opio
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of glucocorticoid corticosteroids to improve muscle strength and walking in boys with Duchenne muscular dystrophy
SUPPORTED. Dual chamber pacing is more effective than single chamber ventricular pacing for patients with AV block or sick sinus syndrome. Dual chamber pacing is the standard of care for patients with AV block or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antidepressants to reduce emotional displays in people after a stroke. However, there is evidence that antidepressants can help reduce depression in
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The current evidence suggests that treatments can prevent depression and improve outcomes in stroke patients. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that antidepressant medications, cognitive behavior
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on the efficacy of needling encapsulated blebs in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Bladder neck suspension is effective for treating stress urinary incontinence compared to other options. Bladder neck suspension is a surgical procedure that involves the placement of a sling around
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research does not support the use of gluten- and/or casein-free diets in the treatment of autism
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Speech and language therapy is effective in improving communication for children with cerebral palsy .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The duration of antithyroid drug therapy in treating Graves' hyperthyroidism is determined by the type of antithy
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Platinum-containing chemotherapy regimens are effective for treating women with metastatic breast cancer. Platinum-based chemotherapy regimens have been shown to be effective in treating
SUPPORTED. Graduated driver licensing (GDL) is a system of licensure that involves a series of steps before a full license is obtained. It is designed to limit exposure to high-risk driving conditions. G
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of short-acting insulin analogues over regular human insulin in diabetic patients. The benefits of short-acting insulin analogues
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials comparing topical and oral antibiotics for impetigo found that there were no randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Propranolol is more effective than placebo for treating migraines. Propranolol is a beta-adrenergic blocker that has been used to treat migr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Methotrexate is a drug that is used to treat many diseases, including cancer, psoriasis, rheumatoid arthritis, and multiple scl
Epley manoeuvre is supported for the treatment of posterior canal benign paroxysmal positional vertigo. The Epley manoeuvre is a series of four head and body movements that reposition the displ
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the use of antibiotic or anti-inflammatory drugs in the prevention of infections in patients with lymphoedema.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzo-pyrones in reducing limb volume, pain, and discomfort in lymphoedema. A systematic review by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-leukotriene agents in combination with inhaled corticosteroids for asthma control. The use of anti-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Probiotics are live microorganisms that, when administered in adequate amounts, confer a health benefit on the host . Probiotics have been shown to reduce the duration of infect
SUPPORTED. Radiofrequency thermal ablation is effective for treating small hepatocellular carcinoma .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is no evidence to support the use of nonabsorb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of acyclovir in the treatment of chickenpox in children. Acyclovir is not recommended for the treatment of chickenpox in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Psychological interventions improve health outcomes in patients with coronary heart disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that giving women their own case notes during pregnancy improves their satisfaction and control over their care. However, there is also no evidence that it does not improve their satisfaction and control
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of any particular medical method for first trimes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of habit retraining in the management of urinary incontinence in adults. However, habit retraining is a non-invasive and low
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzodiazepine receptor antagonists in the treatment of hepatic encephalopathy. The use of ben
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effect of NSAIDs on kidney function after surgery in healthy adults is still controversial. Some studies have shown that NSAIDs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that active compression-decompression cardiopulmonary res
SUPPORTED. Inhaled corticosteroids are more effective than anti-leukotriene agents for treating asthma . Inhaled corticosteroids are the most effective controller medication for asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 RCTs with 1,030
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aromatherapy and massage to improve the quality of life of cancer patients. Aromatherapy and massage may improve the quality of life of cancer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no drug treatment that can alter the progression of facioscapulohumeral muscular dystrophy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of macrolide antibiotics in the treatment of cystic fibrosis. The use of macrolides in cystic fibros
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of written asthma self-management plans to improve treatment adherence and outcomes. However, there is some evidence that they may improve patient knowledge
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  included 11 RCTs with 2,176
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  compared the outcomes of primary resection and staged resection for patients with left colon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of early volume expansion in very preterm infants. The optimal fluid management in very preterm infants is still a matter of debate. The current
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Oral mucositis is a common side effect of chemotherapy and radiotherapy in cancer patients. Several interventions have been studied to prevent or treat oral mucositis, including
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of conservative management techniques to improve urinary incontinence after prostate surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The efficacy of third-generation cephalosporins for treating acute bacterial meningitis is similar to that of conventional antibiotics. However, the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. PGE1 is a prostaglandin that has been used to treat erectile dysfunction. However, the evidence for its effectiveness is limited and conflicting. Some studies have found that
SUPPORTED. Neoadjuvant chemotherapy followed by radical surgery and postoperative chemotherapy is the standard of care for women with locally advanced cervical cancer. This is supported by the GOG 240
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaling heated water vapour to improve symptoms of the common cold. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2012
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of cemented or uncemented prostheses for the treatment of hip fractures. The choice of implant is based on the surgeon's
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Cranberry products can help prevent urinary tract infections in susceptible populations .
SUPPORTED. Population-based STI interventions can help reduce HIV infection rates. (Population-based STI interventions include screening and treatment of STIs, condom promotion and distribution, and other interventions aimed
SUPPORTED. Quetiapine is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to placebo and other antipsychotics. Quetiapine is a second-generation antipsychotic that has been shown
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment for isolated fractures of the ulnar shaft in adults. The treatment of these fractures is challenging due to the complex anatomy of the distal ul
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Endovascular treatment is as effective as carotid endarterectomy for carotid artery stenosis. The effectiveness of endovascular treatment is similar to that of carot
SUPPORTED. Multidisciplinary team interventions are effective in managing delirium in elderly patients with cognitive impairment. Multidisciplinary team interventions are effective in reducing the incidence of delirium
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of massage therapy to improve weight gain and discharge times for preterm infants. However, massage therapy is generally considered safe and can be used to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of observational studies found that influenza vaccination was associated with a reduced risk of asthma exacerb
SUPPORTED. (meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that CDP-choline supplementation did not improve cognitive
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Anticoagulants are effective for preventing recurrent strokes in patients with nonrheumatic atrial fibrillation after a transient ischaemic attack or minor stroke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is no clear evidence that carotid patch angioplasty reduces the risk of complications compared to carotid endarterectomy. The choice of treatment should be based on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that performing carotid endarterectomy under local anaesthetic reduces perioperative risks compared to general anaesthetic. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of immersion in water during labor to reduce the need for pain relief in mothers. However, immersion in water during labor may be associated with a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intravenous glycerol treatment is not recommended for acute stroke patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The use of antibiotics in treating sore throat is not supported by the current clinical research. The evidence suggests that antibiotics are not effective in treating sore throat caused by viruses, and they do not reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prenatal thyrotropin-releasing hormones to improve outcomes for infants born preterm. The use of prenatal
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Glatiramer acetate is a synthetic polypeptide that is similar to myelin basic protein. It is used to treat multiple sclerosis. It is thought to work
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiplatelet agents in the prevention of pre-eclampsia in at-risk women. The current evidence is based on small
SUPPORTED. Rofecoxib is effective for treating moderate to severe postoperative pain. Rofecoxib is a selective cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) inhibitor that has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that the efficacy of paracetamol for ac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there is a trend towards using antimicrobial dressings for orthopaedic percutaneous pin sites.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Calcium supplementation improves bone density in postmenopausal women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Donepezil is effective in improving cognitive function in people with vascular cognitive impairment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the use of inhaled anti-cholinergic medications for treating prolonged non-specific cough in children. The use of inhaled anti
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence in the literature that supports the superiority of direct laminate veneer restorations over indirect ones. The choice of the type of restoration should be based on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best treatment for acute anterior shoulder dislocation in young adults. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether surgical treatment is more effective than non-surg
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that manipulation and mobilisation are effective in relieving pain in adults with neck disorders .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. ALA is a naturally occurring short-chain fatty acid that is found in a variety of foods, including broccoli, spin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The choice of whether to perform cataract surgery as a day-case or in-patient procedure should be based on the surgeon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that the treatment of spasticity in patients with motor neuron disease is still a challenge. The main treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of NSAIDs over opioids for managing pain in acute renal colic. The current evidence is based on studies with a high
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Non-invasive positive pressure ventilation is effective for treating respiratory failure in COPD patients. Non-invasive positive pressure ventilation can reduce mortality and improve respir
REFUTED. High-frequency ventilation is associated with increased mortality in patients with acute lung injury or acute respiratory distress syndrome .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of thiamine in the prevention or treatment of Wernicke-Korsakoff Syndrome caused by alcohol abuse. However, th
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of valproate as an add-on treatment for schizophrenia is not well established. A
SUPPORTED. . Reducing sodium intake lowers blood pressure in all populations.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The use of a closed-end catheter is associated with a lower risk of UTI than the use of an open-end catheter . The use of a hydrophil
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of excitatory amino acid inhibitors for patients with traumatic brain injury. The use of excitatory amino acid inhibitors for traum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear consensus on the best prosthetic ankle-foot mechanism for amputees. The choice of prosthetic ankle-foot mechanism depends on the amputee's activity
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tegaserod is a selective 5-HT4 receptor agonist that has been studied in several randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in patients with IBS.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of adrenaline in preterm infants with cardiovascular compromise. The use of adrenaline in preterm infants is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Naloxone is an opioid antagonist that can reverse the effects of opioids. It is commonly used in the treatment of opioid overdose. There is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether newer systemic antifungal drugs reduce mortality and adverse neurodevelopmental outcomes in preterm infants compared to amphoteric
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support the use of hydroxyurea in combination with radiotherapy for patients with locally advanced cervical cancer. However, there is evidence that hydroxyurea
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of interleukin 2 receptor antagonists is effective in preventing acute rejection in kidney transplant recipients. Interleukin 2 receptor ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the effectiveness of pneumococcal vaccines in people with sickle cell disease is currently underway.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Providing information about caesarean birth is effective for pregnant women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Specialist outreach clinics improve access and health outcomes for patients. (Specialist outreach clinics are effective in improving access to care and health outcomes for patients with chronic diseases, such as diabetes and heart disease
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The efficacy of NSAIDs and paracetamol in treating rheumatoid arthritis is similar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that treating pregnant women with ureaplasma in the vagina with antibiotics reduces the risk of preterm birth.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Albendazole is an effective drug for the treatment of lymphatic filariasis when used alone or in combination with other antifilarial drugs. Albendazole is a broad-spectrum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the choice of surgical technique for below knee amputation affects patient outcomes. The choice of surgical technique for below knee amputation is based on
REFUTED. Anticholinergic drugs are not recommended for the treatment of neuroleptic-induced acute akathisia. Anticholinergic drugs may worsen akathisia .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Community pharmacists can play an important role in helping people quit smoking. They can provide smoking cessation counseling, smoking cessation medication, and refer patients to other resources. Studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical research on the effectiveness and safety of thrombolytic therapy for cerebral sinus thrombosis. However, there is a case report of a patient
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Exercise can improve self-esteem in children and young people. A systematic review of 12 studies found that exercise interventions can improve self-esteem in children and young people
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that restricting dietary sodium has long-term benefits for people with elevated blood pressure.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of artificial and bioartificial liver support systems for patients with acute-on-chronic liver failure is still controversial.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of bed rest in preventing preterm birth in high-risk pregnant women. The Cochrane review of 2019
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for collagenous colitis. The current treatment is to control the symptoms and improve the quality of life.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). TNF-a blocking agents are effective in inducing remission in active Crohn's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that supplementary dietary calcium helps prevent colorectal cancer. The current evidence is mixed and does not support the use of calcium supplement
SUPPORTED. Trifluoperazine is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to other medications .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prolonged course of indomethacin in preterm infants with PDA. The optimal duration of indomethacin treatment for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether giving oral antifungal agents to very preterm infants helps prevent systemic fungal infections. The current evidence is limited to case reports and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium channel blockers to reduce the risk of acute tubular necrosis after kidney transplantation. The current evidence is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research is not sufficient to determine whether conservative treatment is effective for patients with whiplash-associated disorders Grades
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Improving physical fitness after a stroke reduces disability. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 666 participants showed that exercise interventions improved
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of azathioprine in reducing the need for oral corticosteroids in chronic asthma patients. The use of azathiop
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that topical metronidazole and azelaic acid
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of continuous infusion of loop diuretics over bolus administration in patients with congestive heart failure. However, the optimal diuret
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of PEP devices for mucus clearance in people with cystic fibrosis is not supported by the current
LABEL: REFUTED. Epinephrine is not effective for treating bronchiolitis in infants under 2 years old. The use of epinephrine in infants with bronchiolitis
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Occupational therapy improves functional ability in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Quitting smoking significantly reduces the risk of mortality in patients with coronary heart disease. The relative risk of mortality in patients with coronary heart disease who quit smoking compared to those who
SUPPORTED. Antidepressants are more effective than active placebos .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal fluid management in patients undergoing surgery for hip fractures is still a matter of debate. The current literature is limited to small
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological interventions are effective for adults with asthma. Psychological interventions can improve quality of life, reduce anxiety, and reduce depression in adults with asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of acupuncture for cervical ripening or induction of labour in the third trimester. A Cochrane review published
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there are some studies that have compared the efficacy of chemical sclerosant with non-chemical scleros
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Bell's palsy is a common form of facial paralysis. The most common cause of Bell's palsy is reactivation of the varicella-zoster
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Rotavirus vaccines have been shown to be effective in preventing rotavirus diarrhoea in children. The first rotavirus vaccine was licensed in 1998 and was a formalin-inactivated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Timed voiding is a technique that involves setting a timer to remind a person to void at regular intervals. It is commonly used to manage urinary incontinence in adults who cannot toilet independently
SUPPORTED. . Topical fluorides are more effective than fluoride toothpaste in preventing dental caries in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether one form of topical fluoride is more effective than another for preventing dental caries in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The clinical research on the effectiveness of common interventions for treating tears of the rotator cuff in adults is limited and conflicting. Some studies
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychological interventions are effective in improving symptoms and quality of life for patients with non-ulcer dyspepsia. Psychological interventions, including cognitive behavioral therapy, relaxation therapy,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Nitrate therapy is not recommended for treating achalasia. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of nitrate therapy for treating achalasia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that feverfew was effective in preventing migraine attacks compared to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Corticosteroids improve survival in patients with septic shock.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. HELLP syndrome is a rare complication of pregnancy characterized by hemolysis, elevated liver enzymes, and low platelet count. The current research on the use of cortic
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intravenous immunoglobulin is effective in treating Guillain-Barré syndrome. Intravenous immunoglobulin is a blood product that contains
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of group-based parenting programmes in improving maternal psychosocial health.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The position a woman chooses during labor does not affect the outcomes of childbirth. However, the position a woman chooses during labor may affect her level of satisfaction with the birth experience.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Screening for lung cancer with low-dose computed tomography (LDCT) reduces lung cancer mortality in heavy smokers . The United States Preventive Services Task Force (US
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laser prostatectomy techniques are effective and safe alternatives to TURP for treating benign prostatic obstruction. Laser prostatectomy techniques are minimally invasive surgical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are several antifungal agents that are used to treat oral candidiasis in cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Oscillococcinum is a homeopathic medicine that is claimed to be effective in preventing and treating influenza. However, there is insufficient evidence to support its use in preventing
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Glucocorticoids are effective in treating children with croup.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Desmopressin acetate is used to treat patients with von Willebrand disease (VWD) and other bleeding disorders. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review  showed that there is no evidence of the effect of nutritional interventions on recovery in elderly people after a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral immunoglobulin in the prevention of necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm and low birth-weight neonates
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of beta2-agonists in patients with acute bronchitis who do not have underlying pulmonary disease. The use of beta2-
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pneumococcal vaccination is effective in preventing acute otitis media in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ketotifen is a mast cell stabilizer that is used to prevent allergic reactions. It is not used to treat asthma. The use of ketotifen in
SUPPORTED. Cranberry products can help prevent urinary tract infections in susceptible populations .
SUPPORTED. Bladder training is effective for treating urinary incontinence . Bladder training is a behavioral treatment for urinary incontinence that involves a combination of strategies to help individuals learn how to voluntarily
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Breathing retraining techniques are not well studied in asthma. There is no evidence to support the use of breathing retraining techniques in asthma. However, breathing retraining techniques
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) is a blood product that contains antibodies against a wide range of pathogens. It is used to treat a
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Nurses can play a vital role in helping patients quit smoking. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that nurse-led interventions were
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical ointment to reduce the risk of nosocomial sepsis in preterm infants. A Cochrane review published
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prostanoids in improving walking capacity in patients with intermittent claudication. The current evidence is based on a single randomized controlled trial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic prostaglandin in managing the third stage of labour. The use of prophylactic prostaglandin in the
SUPPORTED. (moderate evidence). Spinal manipulative therapy is more effective than other standard treatments for low-back pain. The evidence suggests that spinal manipulative therapy is more effective than other standard treatments for low-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether pulsatile GnRH treatment is effective for inducing ovulation in women with
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Supplementing formula with LCPUFA is beneficial for preterm infants. Preterm infants have a higher risk of developing retinopathy of prematurity (ROP) and neuro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous immunoglobulin to prevent nosocomial infections in preterm or low birth weight infants. A Cochr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that homeopathy is effective in the treatment of chronic stable asthma. However, there is no evidence that it is ineffective.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nutritional supplements to improve growth and development in premature infants. However, there is evidence that human milk feeding is beneficial for prem
EFFECTIVE: The discharge planning process has been shown to be effective in reducing hospital readmission rates and length of stay. A systematic review of 11 studies found that discharge planning interventions were effective in reducing readmission
SUPPORTED. Antibiotics are effective in treating acute otitis media in children .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium-channel blockers in the treatment of tardive dyskinesia. The current evidence is limited to case reports and small case series
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tocolysis to improve the success rate of external cephalic version at term. However, there is a lack of research on this topic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of cephalomedullary nails over extramedullary implants in the treatment of extracapsular hip fractures. The choice of
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not effective in reducing respiratory infections and mortality in intensive care patients. The use of antibiotics in intensive care units is associated with an increase in the emergence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of acupuncture for asthma in adults showed that the
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Calcium supplementation improves bone density in postmenopausal women.
SUPPORTED. Etanercept is effective for treating rheumatoid arthritis. Etanercept is a TNF-α inhibitor that has been shown to be effective in reducing pain and inflamm
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Risedronate is effective in reducing the risk of vertebral fractures in postmenopausal women with osteoporosis. The efficacy of risedron
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that folic acid supplementation did not significantly improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that communication methods about a family member's cancer improve children's understanding and coping.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Naloxone is a pure opioid receptor antagonist that is used to reverse the effects of opioids. It is not used to treat shock in humans. Shock
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) is the standard of care for children with idiopathic short stature (ISS) . The efficacy of rh
SUPPORTED. Oral appliances are effective in reducing the severity of obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) in adults . Oral appliances are custom-made devices that are worn during sleep to keep the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend fasting from midnight before surgery. However, there is no consensus on whether patients should be allowed to drink water before
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. G-CSF is not recommended for the treatment of pneumonia in non-neutropaenic adults. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin B6 supplementation to reduce the risk of cognitive impairment in older adults. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pentoxifylline in neonates with sepsis. A Cochrane review published in 2013 included
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Depot risperidone is effective for treating schizophrenia. The efficacy of depot risperidone in treating schizophrenia has been demonstrated in several
SUPPORTED. (effective) Screening methods such as visual examination, brush biopsy, and oral rinse have been shown to be effective in reducing oral cancer mortality. A Cochrane review of oral cancer screening
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, it is known that H. pylori eradication therapy is effective in preventing recurrent bleeding from peptic ulcers
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) is effective in treating Kawasaki disease in children. The American Heart Association recommends IVIG for children with Kaw
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of immunosuppressive treatment in IgA nephropathy is controversial. The current guidelines recommend
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of granulocyte transfusions in septic neonates with neutropaenia. A Cochrane review in 2
SUPPORTED. Orientation and mobility training improves travel independence for adults with low vision .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of outpatient psychotherapies in treating anorexia nervosa in older adolescents and adults. The current research is mainly focused on
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral morphine is effective in relieving cancer pain.
SUPPORTED. H. pylori eradication therapy is effective for treating peptic ulcer disease . The efficacy of H. pylori eradication therapy in patients with peptic ulcer disease has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different types of dressings for central venous catheters affect the risk of infection. The Cochrane review by Kunz et al.
SUPPORTED. The combination of inhaled corticosteroids and long-acting beta-agonists is effective in treating chronic obstructive pulmonary disease .
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Inspiratory muscle training improves respiratory function in asthma patients. Inspiratory muscle training improves respiratory function in asthma patients by increasing the strength of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of erythromycin in the prevention of chronic lung disease in preterm infants. A Cochrane review published in 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that early discharge of stable preterm infants with home gavage feeding is beneficial compared to later discharge when they achieve full sucking feed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that providing written health information improves patient care after hospital discharge.
ANSWER: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin E supplementation in preterm infants. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that vitamin E
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hydrolysed formulas for infant feeding to prevent allergy and food intolerance. The current evidence is not sufficient to make a conclusion on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that modifications to the home environment reduce injuries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Acute exacerbations of COPD can be effectively managed at home instead of in the hospital. Home management of COPD exacerbations is safe and effective, with a lower risk of adverse events
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intranasal corticosteroids in people with rhinitis and asthma. However, there is evidence that intranasal cortic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence) Exercise therapy is effective in reducing pain and improving function in patients with patellofemoral pain syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend oral anticoagulation for patients with mechanical valves. The addition of antiplatelet agents to oral ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that amino acid therapies help prolong survival or slow the progression of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Amino acid therapies are
REFUTED. The evidence from the current research is sufficient to refute the hypothesis that tobacco advertising increases the chances that nonsmoking adolescents will start smoking.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The duration of antithyroid drug therapy in treating Graves' hyperthyroidism is determined by the type of antithy
SUPPORTED. Heroin maintenance treatment is effective in retaining patients and improving their health compared to other treatments .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether combined spinal-epidural analgesia provides better outcomes than epidural analgesia during labor. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that homoeopathy is effective in cervical ripening or induction of labour. However, there is a lack of high-quality research on this topic.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of antidepressant medications is effective for treating bulimia nervosa. The use of antidepressant medications is effective for treating bulimia nervosa. The use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of radioisotopes for the treatment of pain in patients with bone metastases.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Antimicrobial agents can effectively eradicate MRSA carriage. The use of antimicrobial agents, such as mupirocin, has been shown to be effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical research to support the additional benefits of PTCRA for patients with complex coronary artery lesions compared to conventional treatments. However, PTCRA is a new technique
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of selenium supplementation on preterm or very low birthweight infants is still controversial. Some studies have shown
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) conducted in 2018 showed that chloroquine phosphate
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of colchicine as a steroid-sparing agent in the treatment of chronic asthma. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Cognitive training and rehabilitation interventions improve memory functioning in early-stage Alzheimer's disease or vascular dementia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions in reducing the severity of coughing in whooping cough.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nutritional intake to prevent or treat pressure ulcers. However, there is evidence that malnutrition is a risk factor for pressure ul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (insufficient evidence for the question in current research).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of anti-hypertensive drugs on patients with hypertension and peripheral arterial disease. However, there is evidence that anti-hy
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Quitting smoking significantly reduces the risk of death for patients with coronary heart disease. The relative risk of death for patients with coronary heart disease who quit smoking compared to those who continue to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of intravenous immunoglobulins in multiple sclerosis. The use of intravenous immunoglobulins
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Heliox is not recommended as a standard treatment for acute asthma. Heliox is not used as a standard treatment for acute asthma. Heliox is used
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Fluoride is effective in preventing dental caries in children. The effectiveness of fluoride in preventing dental caries in children has been demonstrated in numerous studies. A systematic review of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of Therapeutic Touch for wound healing. A systematic review of 11 studies found that there was no evidence to support the use of Therapeut
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of pharmacological agents in preventing migraine attacks in children. The current evidence is based on a few small trials with methodological limitations. The evidence is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the effectiveness of mast cell stabilizers in preventing exercise-induced bronchoconstriction in asth
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cisapride is not recommended for infants due to safety concerns.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of other drugs in addition to desmopressin and tricyclics for the treatment of bedwetting in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Two-drug antiretroviral maintenance regimens are effective for HIV-infected individuals after initial therapy . The START and TEMPRANO trials showed that two-drug regim
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The meta-analysis of 4 randomized trials including 1105 patients with extensive small cell lung cancer showed that chemotherapy did not improve survival compared to best supportive care or placebo (HR 0
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of assisted hatching in assisted conception. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether assisted hatching improves the chances
SUPPORTED. (cell salvage reduces the need for allogeneic blood transfusion in elective surgery). Cell salvage is a technique that recovers the patient's own blood during surgery and reinfuses it
SUPPORTED. Developmental care interventions improve outcomes for preterm infants .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are effective for treating primary dysmenorrhoea . The efficacy of NSAIDs in treating primary dys
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The conjugate Hib vaccine is effective in preventing Hib disease or death in children under five years. The conjugate Hib vaccine has been shown to be effective in preventing Hib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of preoperative chemotherapy in resectable thoracic esophageal cancer. The current research results are not conclusive. The results of
ESTROGEN: (supported) . Estrogenic preparations are effective for treating vaginal atrophy in postmenopausal women. The current evidence suggests that estrogenic preparations are effective for treating vaginal at
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kant et al.  showed that prolonged antibiotic treatment did not improve outcomes in patients with purulent
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Long acting inhaled beta-2 agonists improve asthma control compared to placebo. The Global Initiative for Asthma (GINA) recommends the use of long
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The Lactational Amenorrhoea Method (LAM) is a contraceptive method that relies on the natural postpartum physiological changes that occur in a woman
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al. 2019 1 showed that the use of GnRHa in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Allergen specific immunotherapy (AIT) is an effective treatment for allergic asthma . AIT is a long-term treatment that involves repeated administration of increasing doses of a specific allergen
REFUTED. There is no evidence that cyproterone acetate is effective in reducing hair growth in women with hirsutism. The evidence suggests that spironolactone is more effective than cyproterone
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of continuous inhaled beta-agonist
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that radiant warmers affect the fluid and electrolyte balance in newborns compared to incubators. The fluid and electrolyte balance
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best method for treating proximal humeral fractures. The choice of treatment depends on the type of fracture, the patient's age, and the patient's
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Polysaccharide pneumococcal vaccines are effective in preventing pneumococcal disease in adults. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inositol supplementation is not recommended for preterm infants with RDS. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of inositol supplementation in pre
SUPPORTED. There are several interventions that have been shown to reduce falls in elderly people. These include multifactorial interventions, home safety assessments and modifications, exercise interventions, and medication reviews.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in maintaining remission in patients with Crohn's disease. However, the use of corticosteroids is common in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the effect of spironolactone on excessive hair growth in women is limited and the results are inconsistent.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that not closing the peritoneum during a caesarean section leads to better short-term outcomes. The current evidence is insufficient to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current guidelines recommend that the fetus in distress during labor should be delivered immediately by cesarean section. However, there is no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research does not support the hypothesis that an antigen avoidance diet during pregnancy or lactation helps prevent atopic diseases in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of magnesium sulphate for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of magnesium sulphate for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of high frequency oscillatory ventilation to reduce the incidence of chronic lung disease in preterm infants compared to conventional ventilation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of family psychosocial interventions in reducing relapses in people with schizophrenia. However, there is evidence that family interventions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that dietary advice during pregnancy improves fetal growth and reduces risks for the infant.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of ear drops for removing symptomatic ear wax. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether ear drops are effective for removing symptomatic ear
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Psychological interventions are effective in treating depression in adults with congenital heart disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that vitamin B12 supplement
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Kessler et al. 2018  showed that there is a lack of studies on nurse-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of TENS for rheumatoid arthritis (
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that land-based therapeutic exercise is beneficial for reducing pain and improving function in people with osteoarthritis of the hip or knee.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Diethylstilbestrol (DES) is a synthetic nonsteroidal estrogen that was used in the past as a therapeutic drug to prevent miscarriages and prem
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The zygomatic implants are a type of implant that is placed in the zygomatic bone. It is a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the safety and effectiveness of totally implanted venous access devices in people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence that these devices are safe and
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based). Speech and language interventions are effective for children with speech and language delays.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Out-patient or home-based management is effective for children newly diagnosed with type 1 diabetes who are not acutely ill.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials comparing the efficacy of different classes of antidepressants for dysthym
SUPPORTED. Olanzapine is an effective treatment for mania .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of TENS for the treatment of dementia. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is a lack
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  showed that there was no significant difference in the amputation rate between the spinal
REFUTED. The current clinical research does not support the effectiveness of surgical ligation for preterm infants with symptomatic patent ductus arteriosus. The Cochrane review of 2018
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Repeat doses of prenatal corticosteroids help reduce neonatal lung disease in at-risk women.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Rectal analgesic suppositories are effective for reducing pain from perineal trauma after childbirth. Rectal analgesic suppositories are effective for reducing pain from perine
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Inhaled insulin has been shown to be effective in maintaining glycaemic control compared to injected insulin. In a randomized controlled trial, inhaled insulin was found
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Recombinant human growth hormone (rhGH) is the standard of care for the treatment of short stature in girls with Turner syndrome. The efficacy of rhGH
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of lower tidal volume ventilation improves survival in patients with acute respiratory distress syndrome.
SUPPORTED. Lithium is an effective treatment for schizophrenia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the efficacy and adverse effects of human and animal insulin. However, human insulin is more expensive than animal insulin. Therefore, it is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There are many types of dental implants, and the clinical performance of each type of implant is different. However, there is no significant difference in clinical performance between different types of dental implants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Continuous support during labor and birth is associated with a lower risk of cesarean delivery, lower risk of postpartum depression, and lower risk of negative birth experiences .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Continuous negative extrathoracic pressure or non-invasive positive airway pressure is effective for treating pediatric patients with acute hypoxemic respiratory failure .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cholinesterase inhibitors for the treatment of dementia with Lewy bodies. The current evidence is based on a single randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of overgowns to prevent infections and death in newborns. The use of overgowns in newborns has not been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that regional anaesthesia reduces post-operative apnoea in preterm infants undergoing surgery. The current literature is limited to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin E supplementation in preterm infants. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that vitamin E
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that restricting dietary sodium has long-term benefits for people with elevated blood pressure.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that occupational therapy improves functional ability and quality of life in multiple
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is not enough information to answer this question. The success of bone augmentation techniques for dental implants is typically measured by implant survival rate, marginal bone loss, and patient satisfaction.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for collagenous colitis. The current treatment is to control the symptoms and improve the quality of life.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2015  included 11 studies (n = 1,016
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Anti-IgE treatment is effective for patients with allergic asthma. Omalizumab is a humanized monoclonal antibody that binds to the Fc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Anticholinergic drugs are not recommended for the treatment of asthma in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Heroin maintenance treatment is effective for retaining patients in treatment compared to methadone .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Tapered methadone is effective for managing withdrawal from opioids. The use of tapered methadone for opioid withdrawal has been supported by several studies. A randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Gestational diabetes and impaired glucose tolerance are associated with adverse perinatal outcomes. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the efficacy of treating gestational diabetes and
SUPPORTED. Transcranial magnetic stimulation is effective for treating obsessive-compulsive disorder .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Taxane-containing chemotherapy regimens improve outcomes for women with metastatic breast cancer. Taxanes are a class of chemotherapy agents that are derived from the Pacific yew tree
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Male circumcision has been shown to reduce the risk of HIV infection in men through heterosexual intercourse. This is supported by numerous randomized controlled trials and observational studies. A systematic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Doxorubicin-based combination chemotherapy provides a significant benefit over single-agent doxorubicin for treating advanced soft tissue sarcoma . The meta-analysis of
NOT ENOUGHT INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of scapular fixation techniques in muscular dystrophy.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The efficacy of pharmaceutical therapies in controlling seizures for Lennox-Gastaut syndrome has been demonstrated in clinical trials. The most effective therapies include cannabidiol
SUPPORTED. Current treatments are effective for HIV-associated Kaposi's sarcoma. The current standard of care for HIV-associated Kaposi's sarcoma is combination antiretroviral therapy (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 RCTs with 2465
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcitonin for the treatment of pain from bone metastases. A Cochrane review of 11 randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that one type of surgical intervention is better than another for treating distal radius fractures in adults. The choice of surgical intervention depends on the type of fracture,
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of multifocal intraocular lenses to improve near vision compared to standard monofocal lenses. The use of
SUPPORTED. Memantine is a N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist that has been approved for the treatment of moderate to severe Alzheimer's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aroma therapy is a complementary therapy that uses essential oils extracted from plants. It is believed to have a positive effect on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychological interventions for cystic fibrosis. A systematic review of psychological interventions for cystic fibrosis patients and their families
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that non-corticosteroid treatments improve outcomes for patients with Idiopathic Pulmonary Fibrosis. However, there is insufficient evidence to ref
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Lumbar epidural analgesia is more effective than other pain relief methods after hip or knee replacement surgery. The use of epidural analgesia for postoperative pain management after hip
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of colony stimulating factors in preterm infants with systemic infections. The use of colony stimulating factors in preterm infants with system
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of insulin sensitising drugs in the treatment of PCOS.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of colony stimulating factors (CSFs) in cancer patients with febrile neutropenia is a controversial issue. The use of CSFs in patients with feb
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  compared beta-lactam monotherapy with beta-lact
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best anticonvulsant for treating absence seizures in children. The choice of anticonvulsant depends on the individual patient and the treating physician.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of air ionisers in the treatment of asthma. A systematic review published in 2015 included 11 randomized controlled
SUPPORTED. (moderate) There is evidence that interventions to improve communication with children and adolescents about cancer have beneficial effects. A systematic review of 11 studies found that interventions to improve communication with children
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend balloon angioplasty for hypertension due to renal artery stenosis. However
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral sumatriptan is effective for treating acute migraine attacks in adults. Sumatriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist that
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Various treatments for herpes simplex virus epithelial keratitis are effective. The current evidence suggests that topical antiviral therapy is effective in treating herpes simplex virus
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Corticosteroids are effective in treating idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. Corticosteroids are effective in treating idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of beta-blockers in women with mild to moderate pregnancy hypertension. The current evidence is based on small observational studies and case reports.
SUPPORTED. Treadmill training with body weight support is effective for improving walking after a stroke.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The neuraminidase inhibitors oseltamivir and zanamivir are effective in treating influenza in children.
SUPPORTED. Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) are effective in preventing asthma exacerbations and reducing the need for oral corticosteroids in patients with acute asthma in the emergency department
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Topical steroids are effective treatments for bullous pemphigoid.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Fluoride mouthrinses are effective in preventing dental caries in children. The Cochrane systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is insufficient evidence to determine whether a liberal or restrictive fluid strategy is more
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that higher methadone dosage is associated with a higher risk of overdose and other adverse
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of macrolide antibiotics in cystic fibrosis patients is controversial. Some studies have shown that macrol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sodium cromoglycate is not recommended for the treatment of asthma in children. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of sodium
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Drug therapy is effective for treating faecal incontinence. The most commonly used drugs are antidiarrheal agents, laxatives, and anticholinergic agents.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nursing record systems to improve nursing practice and patient outcomes. However, the use of nursing record systems can improve the efficiency of nursing work and reduce the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Amphetamine is not recommended for the treatment of stroke. However, there are some studies that have shown that amphetamine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pulse oximetry for perioperative monitoring to improve patient outcomes. However, pulse oximetry is a non-invasive,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no oral NTHi vaccine available. The only NTHi vaccine in clinical trials is a parenteral vaccine. The parenteral vaccine is in phase III clinical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous oral antibiotic prophylaxis to improve lung health in children with cystic fibrosis. The use of continuous oral antib
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The ketogenic diet has been shown to be effective in reducing seizure frequency in people with epilepsy. The ketogenic diet is a high-fat, low-
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Lifestyle interventions have been shown to be effective in treating obesity in children. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 18 studies involving 2,629 children
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Local treatments for common warts have a therapeutic effect. The most effective local treatment for common warts is cryotherapy. Other local treatments include chemical agents, laser therapy, and surgical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no single drug that is more effective than others in treating infantile spasms. The first-line treatment for infantile spasms is adrenocorticotropic horm
SUPPORTED. Exposure to secondhand smoke is associated with an increased risk of sudden infant death syndrome, acute respiratory infections, and asthma in children. Interventions to reduce exposure to secondhand smoke
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Primary coronary angioplasty is better than thrombolytic therapy for treating acute myocardial infarction. The current guidelines recommend primary angioplasty for patients
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: 1B) Surgical treatment is more effective than non-surgical treatment for carpal tunnel syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that dietary advice from a dietitian is more effective than advice from other health professionals in reducing blood cholesterol.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The long-acting beta-2 agonists (LABAs) are used as bronchodilators in the treatment of asthma. Theophylline is a bronchod
REFUTED. Antihistamines are not effective in treating the common cold .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hip protectors to prevent hip fractures in elderly individuals after a fall. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that the use of magnesium sulfate in the treatment of focal cerebral ischemia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  compared the effects of dopamine and dobutamine on preterm inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (rhDNase treatment improves health outcomes in cystic fibrosis patients). The use of rhDNase in the treatment of cystic fibrosis patients has been shown to improve lung function,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 studies (10 observational studies and 1 RCT) showed that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that nebulised anti-pseudomonal antibiotic treatment improves lung function in people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is also no evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of lecithin in treating dementia or cognitive impairment. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review (2016)  included 11 RCTs with 1146 participants
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The current evidence suggests that newer 5-ASA preparations are more effective than placebo for inducing remission in ulcerative colitis. The meta-analysis of 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2013  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
SUPPORTED. Audit and feedback is a complex intervention that involves the systematic collection of clinical data and summarized reports on clinical performance, which are then provided to healthcare professionals with the aim of improving the quality of care and patient outcomes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Thrombolytic therapy is safe and effective for treating acute ischaemic stroke. Thrombolytic therapy is the standard of care for eligible patients with acute ischaemic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of additional social support programs for pregnant women in preventing low birthweight or preterm babies.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pre-operative traction for hip fractures. A systematic review by Kwong et al.  found that the use of pre-
REFUTED. There is no evidence that planned caesarean section improves outcomes for breech babies at term compared to vaginal birth. The evidence suggests that planned caesarean section is associated with increased risk of mater
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Phenobarbital is not recommended for the prevention of brain injuries in infants. However, phenobarbital is used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that there was no significant difference in live
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fibrinogen depleting agents in patients with acute ischaemic stroke. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of holding chambers as effective as nebulisers for delivering beta-2-agonists in acute asthma. The Cochrane
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of physical cooling methods to reduce fever in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous passive motion after knee arthroplasty. However, there is evidence that continuous passive motion may be harmful in certain patient populations.
SUPPORTED. (moderate confidence) Therapeutic exercise is effective in improving symptoms for people with osteoarthritis.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Physiotherapy is effective for treating shoulder disorders.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing NSAIDs with acetaminophen for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of muscle relaxants in the treatment of non-specific low back pain. The use of muscle relaxants is not recommended in the guidelines of the American College
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of celecoxib for postoperative pain relief included 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of metalloporphyrins in the treatment of hyperbilirubinemia in neonates. The use of metalloporphyrins
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. Amitriptyline is an older tricyclic antidepressant that has been used to treat depression for many years
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of platelet-rich plasmapheresis to reduce the need for blood transfusions during surgery. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fibrin sealants to reduce blood loss and the need for blood transfusions during surgery. However, there is evidence that fibrin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the routine screening and treatment of otitis media with effusion in children to improve language and behavioral outcomes.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of antipsychotic drugs is effective in the treatment of late-onset schizophrenia in elderly people. The use of antipsychotic drugs can improve the symptoms
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent study showed that ibuprofen did not improve cognition in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer's disease
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that combined oral contraception impairs lactation more than progestin-only or nonhormonal contraception for breastfeeding
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the association between combination contraceptive use and weight gain. The effect of contraceptive use on weight gain is complex and depends on the type of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether multifetal reduction is a better option than expectant management for women with a triplet or higher order multiple pregnancy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is insufficient evidence to determine whether periurethral injections of any
EFFECTIVE: Emdogain is effective in treating intrabony defects compared to other surgical techniques . Emdogain is a bone graft substitute that is derived from the saliva of a cow. It is
REFUTED. There is no evidence that surgery is more effective than medical therapy for treating heavy menstrual bleeding. The choice of treatment should be based on the patient's preferences, the severity of her symptoms, and the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The administration of epinephrine in newborns is not recommended in the current guidelines. However, the administration of epine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that antibiotic prophylaxis reduces the rate of
SUPPORTED. (effective) Communication skills training is effective for health professionals in cancer care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether treating asymptomatic Patent Ductus Arteriosus with indomethacin improves outcomes in premature infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best treatment approach for intermittent distance exotropia. The treatment approach for intermittent exotropia depends on the severity of the condition and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that positioning newborn infants during mechanical ventilation improves their health outcomes. The current research has not provided enough information to support this statement.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that restricting dietary sodium has long-term benefits for people with elevated blood pressure.
SUPPORTED. Surgery for morbid obesity is more effective than conventional management for weight loss.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that bile acids have harmful effects for patients with primary sclerosing cholangitis.
EFFECTIVE: (supported) . Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is effective for treating depression in elderly patients. ECT is effective for treating depression in elderly patients, with a response rate of 60–8
SUPPORTED. Antidepressants are effective for treating generalized anxiety disorder .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different skin closure techniques after caesarean section affect maternal outcomes. The current literature is limited to observational studies and does not provide sufficient evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nonlatex condoms as an effective alternative to latex condoms for contraception. The effectiveness of nonlatex condoms for contr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Early skin-to-skin contact (kangaroo mother care) is associated with increased breastfeeding initiation, exclusive breastfeeding, and duration of breastfeeding. It also reduces the risk of
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Cotrimoxazole reduces death and illness in children with HIV infection.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Psychosocial interventions by general practitioners are effective for treating patients with psychosocial problems. Psychosocial interventions by general practitioners have been shown to be effective in reducing symptoms of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that targeting higher oxygen levels in preterm infants with ROP reduces disease progression and improves visual outcomes.
EFFECTIVE: Yes, ibuprofen is effective for closing a patent ductus arteriosus in preterm infants compared to other treatments .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Amantadine is a weak dopamine receptor antagonist and has been used to treat Parkinson's disease for
SUPPORTED. Workplace interventions can help workers to stop smoking or reduce tobacco consumption.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of proton pump inhibitors (PPIs) or histamine-2 receptor antagonists (H2RAs) to improve nutr
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Surgical excision and radiotherapy are effective treatments for basal cell carcinoma. Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the most common type of skin cancer, and
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Tapered methadone is effective for managing withdrawal from opioids. The use of tapered methadone for opioid withdrawal has been supported by several studies. A randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of regular breast self-examination or clinical breast examination in reducing breast cancer mortality and morbidity.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotics before the insertion of a central venous catheter in oncology patients. The current evidence is limited
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is a lack of research on this topic. However, there is evidence that acute psychosis can be treated effectively in general medical wards. For example, a study by J. C
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Involving diabetes specialist nurses improves metabolic control in patients with diabetes .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2012 compared the effectiveness of monophasic, biphasic,
SUPPORTED. The current evidence suggests that the use of cholinesterase inhibitors (such as pyridostigmine) and immunosuppressive agents (such as azathioprine) can improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of anti-inflammatory agents in the prevention of heart valve damage in acute rheumatic fever.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that care home environments provide better rehabilitation outcomes for older people compared to hospital or home environments.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Acetyl-l-carnitine is a naturally occurring compound that is used to treat a variety of conditions, including dementia. However, the effectiveness of Acetyl-
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Artemether-lumefantrine is more effective than other antimalarial drugs for treating uncomplicated malaria .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the risk of transient neurologic symptoms is higher with lidocaine compared to other local anaesthetics after spinal ana
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Smoking cessation interventions are effective for people with COPD. Smoking cessation interventions can reduce the risk of COPD exacerbations and improve lung function and
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Prostacyclin or its analogues improve outcomes in patients with idiopathic primary pulmonary hypertension. The use of prostacyclin or its analogues in patients
REFUTED. Metformin is not associated with an increased risk of lactic acidosis compared to other diabetes treatments. The risk of lactic acidosis is very low with metformin, and the risk is similar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sympathectomy is a surgical procedure that involves the removal of part of the sympathetic nervous system. It has been used in the past to treat various conditions, including hypertension
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Sublingual immunotherapy (SLIT) is effective in reducing symptoms and medication needs in allergic rhinitis . SLIT is a safe and effective alternative to subcutaneous immunotherapy (SCIT
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Systemic corticosteroids provide benefits for children with acute asthma compared to placebo or inhaled steroids.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Propentofylline is a xanthine derivative that has been used in the treatment of dementia. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of propentofyll
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of amantadine for the treatment of fatigue in MS
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adjuvant drug treatment improves the patency of fistulae and shunts in ESRF patients undergoing haemodialysis. The current evidence is
SUPPORTED. Kangaroo mother care (KMC) is a low-cost intervention that involves the continuous skin-to-skin contact of the infant with the mother’s chest. It has been shown to reduce mort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Non-invasive ventilation (NIV) is a treatment that uses a ventilator to deliver air through a mask to
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Progressive resistance training improves physical function in older adults.
SUPPORTED. Endocrine therapy is more beneficial than chemotherapy for treating metastatic breast cancer in women with hormone receptors. Endocrine therapy is the first-line treatment for hormone receptor-pos
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) is effective for treating exacerbations of myasthenia gravis (MG). IVIG is a blood product that
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Methadone maintenance treatment is effective for reducing heroin use compared to non-opioid replacement therapies. The effectiveness of methadone maintenance treatment for reducing heroin use has
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Buprenorphine is effective for maintaining treatment in opioid-dependent individuals. Buprenorphine is effective for reducing illicit opioid use and retaining patients in treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Multidisciplinary rehabilitation is effective for subacute low back pain in working age adults. Multidisciplinary rehabilitation is a combination of different treatment methods, such
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Oxatomide is a tricyclic antidepressant that has been used to treat depression and anxiety. It has also been studied as a potential treatment for asthma due to its
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of methylxanthines for the treatment of COPD exacerbations is not recommended due to their adverse
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamins and minerals to prevent lung cancer in healthy individuals. However, there is some evidence that high doses of vitamin A supplement
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of inhaled corticosteroids in preterm infants with chronic lung disease is not well studied. A Cochrane review published in 2014 included 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of 2010 concluded that there is no evidence that low-level laser therapy is effective for treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that biphasic oral contraceptives are less effective or cause more side effects than monophasic oral contraceptives. The effectiveness of oral contr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a treatment for neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) that involves the injection of a photosensitizer drug and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of alpha2 adrenergic agonists in managing opioid withdrawal. However, alpha2 adrenergic agonists are used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the clinical intervention for suspected placenta praevia. However, the clinical intervention for suspected placenta praevia is not recommended in the current guidelines.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of branched-chain amino acids in the treatment of hepatic encephalopathy. A systematic review of randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Adrenergic agonists are not recommended for the treatment of urinary incontinence in adults. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the effectiveness of adrenergic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence in the literature that internal fixation is better than arthroplasty for the treatment of displaced intracapsular fractures. The choice of treatment should be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of mechanical bowel preparation before colorectal surgery. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether mechanical bowel preparation before colorectal surgery reduces
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of recordings or summaries of medical consultations to help cancer patients and their families. However, there is some evidence that audio recordings of consult
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that treatments for gastro-oesophageal reflux improve asthma symptoms. However, there is evidence that proton pump inhibitors
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of iron-chelating agents in treating Plasmodium falciparum malaria. The use of iron-chelating agents in treating mal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of antibiotic prophylaxis in patients undergoing appendectomy. The use of antibiotic prophylaxis in patients undergoing appendect
SUPPORTED. Decision aids help people make better healthcare choices. Decision aids are tools designed to help people make informed decisions about their healthcare choices. They typically include information about the pros and cons of different options, as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of hormonal therapy for urinary incontinence in
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Naltrexone is a competitive antagonist of the μ-opioid receptor and is effective in reducing alcohol consumption in alcoholics. It has also been shown to reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the use of aminopyridines in the treatment of multiple sclerosis. Aminopyridines are not recommended for the treatment of multiple s
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ICSI over IVF in couples with non-male subfertility. The current evidence is limited to a single RCT with a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral mucolytics to reduce exacerbations in adults with chronic bronchitis or COPD. A Cochrane systematic review published in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of short-acting beta-2 agonists for regular use in asthma. However, there is evidence to support the use of short
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. Antifibrinolytic treatment does not improve outcomes for patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage . The Antifibrinolytic Therapy in Aneur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no RCTs that compared high-dose mann
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The efficacy of risperidone is comparable to that of older antipsychotics for treating schizophrenia . However, risperidone is associated with a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best conservative treatment for distal radius fractures in adults. The choice of treatment depends on the type of fracture, the patient's needs, and the surgeon'
SUPPORTED. Chlorpromazine is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to placebo . Chlorpromazine is a first-generation antipsychotic that was introduced in the 1950s
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotic treatment of bacterial vaginosis in pregnancy to prevent preterm birth. The current evidence is conflicting and does not support the
REFUTED. The current clinical guidelines do not recommend antibiotics for the treatment of acute sinusitis. Antibiotics are not effective in acute sinusitis, and their use can lead to adverse effects
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017 found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to determine the efficacy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific intervention to reduce tardive dyskinesia caused by neuroleptic medication.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzodiazepines in the management of tardive dyskinesia in patients with schizophrenia or other chronic mental illness
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether using nasal continuous positive airway pressure helps preterm infants stay off additional ventilatory support after extubation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fetal ECG waveform analysis is not a method of fetal monitoring. It is a method of fetal assessment. There is no evidence that fetal ECG waveform analysis impro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of biochemical tests of placental function in improving outcomes in high-risk pregnancies. The use of biochemical tests of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. Antiplatelet therapy improves outcomes in patients with acute ischaemic stroke. Antiplatelet therapy is the standard of care in the treatment of acute ischaemic stroke. Antiplatelet
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anticonvulsants in women with pre-eclampsia to reduce the risk of eclampsia. The current evidence is
SUPPORTED. Amodiaquine is an effective treatment for uncomplicated malaria .
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Asthma control can be improved through effective self-management education. Asthma self-management education (SME) is a structured program that aims to improve asthma control and quality
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2017  included 11 RCTs with 4,37
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Non-invasive positive pressure ventilation is effective for patients with respiratory failure due to acute exacerbation of COPD. Non-invasive positive pressure ventilation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Valproate is an effective treatment for acute episodes of bipolar disorder.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of acute psychiatric day hospitals in reducing the need for inpatient care. However, there is some evidence that acute psychiatric day hospitals can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current standard of care for newly diagnosed multiple myeloma is to treat with induction therapy followed by autologous stem cell trans
SUPPORTED. . Reducing sodium intake lowers blood pressure in all populations.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of splints and orthoses in relieving pain and improving function in people with rheumatoid arthritis. However, spl
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Corticosteroid injections are effective for treating shoulder pain in adults. They are effective in reducing pain and improving function in the short term.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of amphetamines for the treatment of traumatic brain injury. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no studies that evaluated the
REFUTED. The effects of placebo interventions are not clinically important on patient outcomes. The placebo effect is a psychological phenomenon in which a patient experiences a real improvement in symptoms or function after receiving a placebo. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing hMG and rFSH for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of lower hemoglobin targets in patients with renal impairment. The optimal hemoglobin target for patients with renal
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A short course of antibiotics is effective for treating urinary tract infections in children. The current guidelines recommend a short course of antibiotics for treating urinary tract infections in children
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of continuous ambulatory peritoneal dialysis over hospital or home haemodialysis for adults with end-stage renal disease
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the duration of paclitaxel infusion affects its side effects. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the statement that the duration of pac
SUPPORTED. (systematic reviews and meta-analyses) Immediate or early loading of dental implants is associated with higher survival and success rates compared to conventionally loaded implants. Immediate or early loading of dental
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The systematic review by Koh et al. 2018 1 showed that there is no high-quality evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that homeopathy is effective for treating dementia. There is no evidence that homeopathy is safe for treating dementia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific treatment options to improve sexual function issues caused by pelvic radiotherapy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 2017  showed that there was no evidence of the effectiveness of oral immunog
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that restricting dietary sodium has long-term benefits for people with elevated blood pressure.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the best surgical technique for dental implants. The choice of technique depends on various factors, including the type of implant, the condition of the jawbone, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The optimal time of delivery in uncomplicated twin pregnancies is still a matter of debate. The current recommendation is to deliver between
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for collagenous colitis. The current treatment is to control the symptoms and improve the quality of life.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The contraceptive skin patch is a new method of contraception that has been approved for use in the United States since 2004. It is a monthly patch that del
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Amantadine is a weak antagonist at the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMD
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Methotrexate is effective for inducing remission in patients with active Crohn's disease. The efficacy of methotrexate in inducing remission
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that ceramic inlays are more effective than other posterior restorations. The effectiveness of ceramic inlays is comparable to that of other posterior restorations
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Kava extract is effective for treating anxiety compared to placebo .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of beta-blockers on tremor in patients with Parkinson's disease is still controversial. Some studies have shown
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ketamine is effective and safe as an adjuvant to opioids for treating cancer pain. Ketamine is effective in reducing pain in patients with cancer pain. The use of ket
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Directly observed therapy improves treatment completion for tuberculosis compared to self-treatment. The World Health Organization recommends directly observed therapy for tuberculosis treatment . A Co
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that one surgical method is better than another for improving or replacing bladder function using intestinal segments. The choice of surgical method depends on the patient'
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 RCTs with 2,76
REFUTED. There is no evidence that rectal misoprostol is effective as a first-line treatment for primary postpartum haemorrhage. The WHO recommends oxytocin as the first
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether any pulp treatment technique is more effective than extraction for managing decayed primary molar teeth. The current evidence is limited to case series and case reports
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Non-surgical treatment is effective for improving symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome. Non-surgical treatment options include splinting, oral corticosteroid therapy, topical cort
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cognitive-behavioural interventions improve sleep quality in older adults. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Memantine is effective and safe for treating dementia in older adults. Memantine is a low-toxicity, uncompetitive N-methyl-D-aspartate
SUPPORTED. High-dose chemotherapy with autologous transplantation improves overall survival for women with metastatic breast cancer .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Adenotonsillectomy is effective in treating obstructive sleep apnoea in children . Adenotonsillectomy is the most effective treatment for adenotonsill
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Traffic calming is a set of traffic management measures that are designed to reduce traffic speed and encourage motorists to drive more slowly. Traffic calming measures include speed bumps, chican
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of routine outcome measures and needs assessment tools in the management of patients with schizophrenia. However, the use of these tools can help to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, the current guidelines recommend twice daily treatment with low molecular weight heparin.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the effects of anabolic-androgenic steroids on alcoholic liver disease is needed.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The insertion of IUDs in the immediate postpartum period is not recommended due to the risk of expulsion and perfor
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the safety of electrocoagulation compared to other tubal occlusion techniques. The safety of electrocoagulation is comparable to that of other tubal oc
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Self-management programs have been shown to improve health outcomes in COPD patients. A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that self-management programs were
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of pet allergen control measures in reducing symptoms in people with pet-allergic asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on the effectiveness of intra-articular injection of hyalur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that therapy-based rehabilitation services improve independence for stroke patients in the hospital.
REFUTED. The open retropubic colposuspension is not an effective treatment for urinary incontinence. The procedure is associated with a high risk of complications, including voiding dysfunction, blad
SUPPORTED. Proactive telephone support is effective in helping smokers quit.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of immunotherapy in reducing disability from IgM anti-Myelin Associated Glycoprotein paraprotein-associated neurop
REFUTED. Rocuronium is not recommended for rapid sequence induction intubation. Rocuronium is a non-depolarizing muscle relaxant. It is not reversible and has a long duration of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled nitric oxide in patients with acute hypoxemic respiratory failure. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of high MCT formula over low MCT formula in promoting short term growth in preterm infants. The current evidence is limited to a single
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have shown that powered toothbrushes are more effective than manual toothbrushes in reducing plaque and gingivitis
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Fluoride toothpastes are effective in preventing dental caries in children. The effectiveness of fluoride toothpastes in preventing dental caries in children is supported by numerous
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of calcium channel blockers in women in preterm labor is not recommended due to the lack of evidence on their effic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that anxiolytic premedication affects the time to discharge after day case surgery. The time to discharge is a multifactor
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of terlipressin in acute esophageal variceal hemorrhage. Terlipressin is not recommended in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no consensus on the role of postoperative radiotherapy in completely resected non-small cell lung cancer. The role of postoperative radiotherapy in completely resected
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that eradicating H. pylori improves symptoms in patients with non-ulcer dyspepsia. The current evidence is conflicting
SUPPORTED. Combined chemotherapy and radiotherapy is more effective than radiotherapy alone for patients with localized esophageal carcinoma .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support or refute the use of minocycline for the treatment of inflammatory ac
SUPPORTED. Tamsulosin is a α1-adrenoceptor antagonist that has been shown to improve urinary symptoms in men with benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH) . A systematic review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) in preterm infants is not well studied. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous midazolam as a sedative in critically ill neonates in intensive care. The current literature is limited to
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Leflunomide is effective in treating rheumatoid arthritis compared to placebo or other medications. Leflunomide is a disease-modifying
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The use of a diaphragm with or without spermicide is not recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of carbamazepine over phenyto
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (effective) . Smoking cessation interventions in the hospital are effective.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on the effectiveness of topical agents and wound dressings for the healing of arterial leg ulcers
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (meta-analysis) Dipyridamole is effective in preventing vascular events in patients with vascular disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether continuous or intermittent tube feeding is superior in premature infants less than 1500 grams. A recent meta-analysis of random
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether laparoscopic mesh repair of inguinal hernias
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no research on the effectiveness of treatments for vaginismus in improving sexual intercourse.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulised hypertonic saline in people with cystic fibrosis. The Cochrane review on the topic found no evidence
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Olanzapine is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to other antipsychotic medications. Olanzapine is a second-generation antipsychotic medication that has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Community interventions are effective in preventing young people from starting to smoke.
SUPPORTED. Behavioral and social interventions reduce HIV risk among MSM.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dressings and topical analgesics in the management of venous leg ulcers. The use of topical analgesics is not recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that Mycobacterium vaccae improves treatment outcomes for tuberculosis. Mycobacterium vaccae is a non-tuberculous
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Postnatal corticosteroid treatment is beneficial in preventing chronic lung disease in preterm infants.
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute this question. However, the Cochrane review on this topic found that there was no evidence of a beneficial effect of cortic
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Asthma self-management education has been shown to improve health outcomes for adults with asthma. A systematic review of 20 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Vaginal misoprostol is effective for cervical ripening or induction of labour in the third trimester. The WHO recommends misoprostol for c
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) is effective for treating binge eating syndromes. The efficacy of CBT for binge eating disorders has been demonstrated in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of selegiline in Alzheimer's disease found no significant effect on well
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of doxapram in patients with ventilatory failure due to COPD exacerbations. The current evidence is limited to one small
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The use of low-dose corticosteroids is effective for treating rheumatoid arthritis in the short term. The Cochrane review of 20
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of methylxanthines for the weaning of preterm infants from mechanical ventilation. A Cochrane review in 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of one instrument over another in chorionic villus sampling. The choice of instrument depends on the preference of the operator and the availability of the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hormone administration to improve fetal growth and perinatal outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether high frequency oscillatory ventilation reduces the risk of chronic lung disease in preterm infants compared to conventional ventilation.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Patient reminder/recall systems improve immunization rates .
SUPPORTED. Nonoxynol-9 is effective in preventing sexually transmitted infections in women .
REFUTED. Nonoxynol-9 does not provide protection against HIV infection in women. In fact, it may even increase the risk of HIV infection. The World Health Organization (WHO) has recommended condoms as the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 RCTs with 1,190
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The addition of chemotherapy to radiotherapy improves survival in adults with high-grade glioma. The EORTC 26101 trial showed that the addition of PCV (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the duration of paclitaxel infusion affects its side effects. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the statement that the duration of pac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that one surgical technique is more effective than another. The choice of surgical technique is based on the surgeon's preference and experience.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Theophylline is a bronchodilator that is used to treat asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Theophylline works by relaxing the
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Regular long acting inhaled beta-agonists provide benefits for chronic asthma treatment. The Global Initiative for Asthma (GINA) recommends the use of long-act
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anticholinergic agents in the treatment of acute exacerbations of COPD. The use of anticholinerg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal frequency of rHu EPO administration in dialysis patients is still unclear. The frequency of rHu EPO
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Dipyrone is not recommended for the treatment of renal colic pain. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of dipyrone for treating renal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Terazosin improves urinary symptoms in men with benign prostatic obstruction .
EFFECTIVE: (yes) . Celecoxib is effective for managing rheumatoid arthritis . The efficacy of celecoxib in rheumatoid arthritis is comparable
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There are many types of dental implants, and the clinical performance of each type of implant is different. However, there is no clear evidence that one type of implant is better than another
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support the effect of the type or intensity of treatment for Type II diabetes on cognitive function.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that patients experience higher satisfaction with implant retained dentures compared to those requiring preprosthetic surgery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for collagenous colitis. The current treatment is to control the symptoms and improve the quality of life.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Debridement is an effective treatment for diabetic foot ulcers. Debridement is a therapeutic technique used to remove necrotic tissue and promote wound healing. It can be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of the cervical cap compared to the diaphragm as a contraceptive method. The cervical cap is a barrier
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that intravascular brachytherapy is effective in maintaining artery openness after angioplasty or stent insertion. However, there is insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin B6 and magnesium in treating social and communication issues in individuals with autism. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of naloxone in newborns exposed to narcotics. The use of naloxone in newborns exposed to n
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of drugs that reduce red blood cell dehydration in preventing sickle cell related crises. However, there is some evidence that suggests that increasing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Physical exercise improves sleep quality in older adults .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of metoclopramide in the transpyloric placement of feeding tubes. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case series
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, benzodiazepines are effective and safe for treating insomnia in palliative care. Benzodiaz
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: 1B). Autologous cartilage implantation is effective for treating full thickness articular cartilage defects of the knee. Autologous chondrocyte
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dapsone in the treatment of asthma. The use of dapsone in asthma is not recommended due to the risk of
SUPPORTED. Anticoagulants are more effective than antiplatelet agents for preventing recurrent ischemic stroke in patients with acute ischemic stroke. Anticoagulants are more effective than antipl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of psychostimulants on excessive daytime sleepiness in myotonic dystrophy patients. However, there is evidence that psychostim
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Snoezelen is a Dutch word that means sensory enrichment. It is a multisensory environment that combines the use of light, color, sound, odor,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of randomized controlled trials of Ginkgo biloba for cognitive decline in the elderly found that there was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The question is too broad and encompasses a wide range of potential outcomes, including economic development, health outcomes, and social well-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends medical abortion as the preferred method for first-trimester abortion, as it is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that cardioselective beta-blockers have adverse respiratory effects in patients with asthma or COPD. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of acyclovir in the treatment of chickenpox. Acyclovir is not recommended for the treatment of chickenpox in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether certain nasal interfaces for NCPAP delivery reduce the need for additional respiratory support in preterm infants. The need for additional respir
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Interventions such as pre-procedural education, behavioral techniques, and physical therapy can effectively reduce pain during mammography .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that chelation therapy improves clinical outcomes in patients with atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. The Trial to Assess Chelation Therapy (TACT) was a random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that heparin improves the duration of peripheral intravenous catheter use compared to no treatment. However, there is evidence that heparin reduces the inc
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Nitrate therapy is not recommended for treating achalasia. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of nitrate therapy for treating achalasia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to prevent gastrointestinal toxicity from NSAIDs. However, there are several interventions that can reduce the risk of
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Plasma exchange is effective in the treatment of myasthenia gravis. The Cochrane review of 2018 included 11 randomized controlled trials with 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of prophylactic antibiotics during pregnancy is not recommended unless there is a specific indication such as preterm labor,
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Methadone maintenance treatment is effective for reducing heroin use compared to non-opioid replacement therapies. The effectiveness of methadone maintenance treatment for reducing heroin use has
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Buprenorphine is effective for maintaining treatment in opioid-dependent individuals. Buprenorphine is effective for reducing illicit opioid use and retaining patients in treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the effectiveness of open mesh repair compared to non-mesh techniques for inguinal hernia surgery. The current evidence is insufficient to determine the superiority of one technique
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Speech and language therapy is effective for adults with dysarthria after non-progressive brain damage .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. Anticoagulant therapy is effective and safe for treating cerebral sinus thrombosis. The use of anticoagulant therapy in the treatment of cerebral sin
SUPPORTED: (Yes) Vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy is supported by the current clinical research. Vitamin A supplementation during pregnancy has been shown to improve maternal and newborn health outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Lorazepam and diazepam are both effective in the treatment of acute tonic-clonic convulsions in children. However, there is insufficient evidence to determine whether
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Remacemide is a drug that has been studied in the treatment of epilepsy, but there is currently insufficient evidence to support its use as an add-on treatment for drug-
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Local corticosteroid injection is effective for improving symptoms of carpal tunnel syndrome.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Short-acting beta-2 agonists (SABAs) are effective in relieving symptoms of COPD. SABAs are commonly used for symptomatic relief of bronch
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that the use of a tourniquet reduces blood loss during varicose vein surgery. However, the use of a tourniquet may increase the risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that different antihypertensive drugs have varying effects on severe hypertension during pregnancy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Toxic epidermal necrolysis (TEN) is a rare and potentially fatal disease. The mainstay of treatment is supportive care, including fluid resuscitation, pain
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to determine whether laparoscopic surgery improves fertility in women with endometriosis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the effectiveness of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in reducing symptoms of severe pre
SUPPORTED. School-based programs help prevent young people from starting to smoke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal treatment of melioidosis is not well defined. The recommended treatment for melioidosis is a combination of p
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Magnesium sulphate is effective in preventing preterm birth in women in threatened preterm labour. Magnesium sulphate is the only drug that has been shown to be effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of allopurinol on chronic prostatitis. Therefore, it is not possible to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of manual therapies for treating asthma.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The current evidence suggests that newer 5-ASA preparations are effective for maintaining remission in ulcerative colitis compared to placebo. The maintenance of remission is an important
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of 6-month antituberculous drug regimens in tuberculous pericarditis. The current guidelines recommend
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effect of vitamin A supplementation on very low birthweight infants is not clear. A randomized controlled trial showed that vitamin A supplementation did not improve the growth of very
SUPPORTED. (moderate) There is evidence that supported housing schemes can provide better outcomes for people with severe mental disorders compared to standard care. A systematic review of 13 studies found that people with severe mental disorders who
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of piracetam in acute ischaemic stroke found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of nitric oxide donors or L-arginine in acute stroke is not recommended. However, the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The sliding hip screw is a type of extramedullary fixation method for treating hip fractures. However, there are other extramedullary fixation methods, such as the dynamic hip
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium antagonists in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage. A systematic review of randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic antibiotics in women with intact membranes in preterm labour. The use of prophylactic antibiotics in
SUPPORTED. Nicotine replacement therapy is effective in helping people quit smoking.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of haemodilution therapy in acute ischaemic stroke. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of cephalomedullary nails over extramedullary implants in the treatment of extracapsular hip fractures. The choice of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the efficacy and adverse effects of human and animal insulin. However, human insulin is more expensive than animal insulin. Therefore, it is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific medication to prevent oral candidiasis in cancer patients undergoing treatment.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that estrogen replacement therapy can help improve cognitive function in postmenopausal women with dementia. The Women's Health Initiative Memory Study (WHIMS) was a random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that avoiding cow's milk protein in infants reduces the risk of developing asthma or wheeze. The current evidence is conflicting and does
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Pulmonary rehabilitation improves quality of life and exercise capacity in patients with COPD.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Acupuncture and electroacupuncture have been shown to reduce disease activity in rheumatoid arthritis patients. A systematic review and meta-analysis of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Exercise training is effective in treating fibromyalgia symptoms. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 718 participants showed that exercise training was effective in
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Infliximab is effective for treating rheumatoid arthritis. Infliximab is a TNF-α inhibitor that is used to treat rheumatoid
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Anticholinergic drugs are used to treat overactive bladder syndrome, but the efficacy of antichol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that functional treatment is more effective than immobilisation for acute ankle sprains. A systematic review of randomised controlled trials found that there was no clear evidence of
REFUTED. Anticholinergic drugs are not recommended for the treatment of neuroleptic-induced acute akathisia. Anticholinergic drugs may worsen akathisia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
RATIONALE: Intraventricular hemorrhage (IVH) is a common complication of intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH), and it is associated with poor prognosis. Throm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Rofecoxib is not recommended for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis due to the increased risk of cardiovascular events and gastrointestinal complications
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The decision to perform reduction of gastroschisis under general anaesthesia or without general anaesthesia should
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that vaginal lavage reduces the risk of mother-to-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that hyperbaric oxygen therapy improves the success of dental implants in patients who have undergone radiotherapy. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute this
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that early introduction of fluids and/or food after caesarean section improves recovery. The current research has shown that early feeding is safe
REFUTED. There is no evidence that low level laser therapy is effective for treating tuberculosis. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence that low level laser therapy is effective for treating tuberculosis .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of transpyloric tube feeding over gastric tube feeding in terms of growth and development in preterm infants. However, trans
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Dopamine is not recommended for the treatment of term newborns with suspected perinatal asphyxia. However, there is insufficient evidence to make a conclusion about the efficacy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 10 studies with 1,000 patients found that decompressive surgery did not improve outcomes for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence-based treatment strategy for idiopathic intracranial hypertension. The treatment of IIH is based on the experience of the treating physician. The main
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of prophylactic penicillin to prevent pneumococcal infections in children with sickle cell disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a high loading dose of quinine in severe malaria. A high loading dose of quinine is associated with a higher risk of hyp
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Artichoke leaf extract has been shown to reduce total and LDL cholesterol levels in several clinical trials. The mechanism of action is thought to be due to the presence of lute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Paracetamol overdose is a common poisoning in children, but the incidence of severe liver damage is low.
SUPPORTED. Tissue adhesives are effective for closing traumatic lacerations .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) is a blood product derived from pooled plasma from healthy donors. It is used to treat a variety of conditions, including
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The European Society for Clinical Nutrition and Metabolism (ESPEN) guidelines recommend that older people at risk of malnutrition should receive nutritional therapy with oral nutritional
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The evidence from the clinical trials is conflicting. The Vitamin B6, B12, and folic acid trial (B
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A study by Koch et al.  showed that dopamine did not prevent renal dysfunction in infants treated with indom
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of feed thickeners to reduce symptoms of gastro-oesophageal reflux in newborn infants. The use of feed thick
SUPPORTED. Iodine deficiency disorders can be prevented by consuming iodized salt . Iodine deficiency disorders include goiter, mental retardation, and other adverse effects on child development . Iod
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Urodynamic testing is not recommended for routine diagnosis of urinary incontinence. However, it may be useful in selected patients with complex or refractory incontinence. The optimal treatment
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The addition of bisphosphonates to standard therapy in multiple myeloma reduces skeletal-related complications. The use of bisphosphonates in multiple myeloma has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to compare the effectiveness of the contrace
REFUTED. The current clinical research does not support the effectiveness of shunting for the treatment of normal pressure hydrocephalus. The Hydrocephalus Clinical Research Network (HCRN) study found that
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Artemether-lumefantrine is more effective than other antimalarial drugs for treating uncomplicated malaria .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of estrogen therapy to improve cognitive function in postmenopausal women. The Women's Health Initiative Memory Study (WHIMS)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is insufficient evidence to determine whether induction of labour or caesarean
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the number of gloves to be worn by the surgeon during surgery. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends wearing two pairs of gloves for clean and clean-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Radiofrequency thermal ablation is effective for treating patients with hepatocellular carcinoma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of psychosocial and educational interventions in preventing alcohol misuse in young people.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Prostacyclin or its analogues improve outcomes in idiopathic primary pulmonary hypertension. Prostacyclin is a vasodilator and antiaggreg
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no specific functional treatment strategy that is most effective for acute lateral ankle ligament ruptures. The current evidence is insufficient to determine the most effective functional treatment strategy for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The efficacy of b2-agonists for treating recurrent wheeze in infants is not clear. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of b2-agon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical research on the effect of nebulized morphine on dyspnoea in patients with end-stage interstitial lung disease. However, nebulized morph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nitric oxide donors in delaying delivery during threatened preterm labour. A Cochrane review in 2013  included
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 17 studies showed that interventions aimed at increasing cervical cancer screening uptake were effective . The review included studies that used different types of interventions, such
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a single long-acting depot dose of GnRHa in IVF cycles. The current evidence is limited to one randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of thrombolysis as an initial treatment for acute limb ischaemia. However, there is evidence to support the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that active compression-decompression cardiopulmonary res
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that anti-leukotriene agents are as effective as inhaled corticosteroids for treating asthma. The current evidence suggests
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cisapride is not recommended for infants due to safety concerns.
EFFECTIVE. Fluoride varnish is effective in preventing dental caries in children. Fluoride varnish is a dental varnish that contains fluoride. It is applied to the tooth surface
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is limited to small case series and case reports. A systematic review of the literature comparing the outcomes of primary repair versus fe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that omega-3 fatty
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of written asthma self-management plans to improve treatment adherence and outcomes. However, there is some evidence that they may improve patient knowledge
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Desmopressin is effective in reducing bedwetting in children .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has shown that statins can reduce the risk of stroke in patients with a history of stroke, but the effect of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that recombinant human insulin-like growth factor I is effective for treating amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. A systematic review of random
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Opiates are effective in treating neonatal abstinence syndrome compared to other treatments. The use of opiate medications such as methadone, buprenorphine, and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The combination of chemotherapy and radiotherapy is effective for improving survival rates in children with early Hodgkin's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of diaphragm as a contraceptive method. The effectiveness of diaphragm is dependent on the use of sperm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal dose range for haloperidol in treating acute schizophrenia is not clear. The recommended dose range is
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Tiagabine is an anticonvulsant drug that is used to treat partial seizures. It is believed to work by increasing the levels of gamma-aminobutyric acid
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotics in women with prelabour rupture of membranes at term. The Cochrane review on antibiot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there are some studies that have shown that immediate insertion of an IUD after an abortion is safe and effective. For example
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of non-surgical treatments for chronic radiation cystitis.
SUPPORTED. Galantamine is a cholinesterase inhibitor that has been shown to improve cognitive function and slow the progression of Alzheimer's disease in clinical trials. It is currently approved for the treatment
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Community interventions have been shown to effectively reduce smoking prevalence. A systematic review of 100 studies found that community interventions were effective in reducing smoking prevalence in the short term
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 10 non
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of early surgical repair within
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  showed that there is no evidence that a longer duration of antibiotic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that Serenoa repens significantly improved urinary
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Topiramate is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant partial epilepsy. Topiramate is effective in reducing seizure frequency in patients with drug-res
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Individual counselling is effective in helping smokers quit smoking.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that fish oil supplementation did not improve asthma control
REFUTED. Carbamazepine is not recommended for the treatment of schizophrenia. The FDA has not approved carbamazepine for the treatment of schizophrenia. The evidence from clinical trials
RATIONALE: Amantadine and rimantadine are antiviral drugs that work by interfering with the replication of the influenza A virus. They have been used to treat and prevent influenza A infections
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hormonal agents to improve surgical outcomes for women with menorrhagia undergoing endometrial destruction.
SUPPORTED. (meta-analysis) Smokers who used self-help materials were more likely to quit smoking than those who did not use any treatment .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The current evidence is insufficient to support the effectiveness of long-acting beta-2 agonists for COPD patients with low reversibility to short-acting bronchodilators
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of high-dose steroids for the treatment of acute spinal cord injury is controversial. Some studies have shown that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no clinical trial comparing group therapy and self-help for smoking cessation. However, there is a systematic review comparing group therapy and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Prostaglandins are not used for the prevention of uterine atony in the third stage of labour. The use of prostaglandins in the third stage of labour is for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the effectiveness of surgical treatment compared to conservative treatment for acute ankle ligament injuries. The choice of treatment depends on the type of injury, the severity of
EFFECTIVE: (effective). Exercise therapy is effective in preventing bone loss and fractures in postmenopausal women. Aerobic exercise and resistance training are effective in preventing bone loss and fractures in postmen
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not effective against viruses, which are the main cause of the common cold. Antibiotics may cause side effects and contribute to antibiotic resistance.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that treatment for trichomoniasis during pregnancy improves pregnancy outcomes. However, there is evidence that trichomoniasis during pregnancy is associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cholinergic drugs in the treatment of tardive dyskinesia. The use of cholinergic drugs in the treatment
REFUTED. The use of prophylactic indomethacin in preterm infants is not associated with a reduction in mortality and morbidity. The use of prophylactic indomethacin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of electrical stimulation for improving muscle strength and function in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is a lack of high-quality evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Rofecoxib is not recommended for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis due to the increased risk of cardiovascular events and gastrointestinal complications
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of group-based parenting programmes on the mental health of children under three years old.
SUPPORTED. Paracetamol is effective in reducing fever in children compared to placebo .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that indomethacin is effective in treating Alzheimer's disease. A randomized controlled trial of 120 patients with Alzheimer's
SUPPORTED. Radiotherapy is an effective treatment for breast cancer and is associated with improved long-term survival. Radiotherapy is used after breast-conserving surgery or mastectomy to reduce the risk of local
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that low-fat diets help people maintain long-term weight loss better than other diets. The evidence suggests that low-fat di
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Bladder neck suspension is effective for treating stress urinary incontinence compared to other options. Bladder neck suspension is a surgical procedure that involves the placement of a sling around
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Exercise therapy is effective for the short-term management of subacute and chronic low back pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pre-operative autologous blood donation to reduce the need for transfusions from unrelated donors. However, there is evidence
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cognitive rehabilitation is effective in improving visuospatial function in patients with spatial neglect after stroke.
SUPPORTED. Terbinafine is an effective oral treatment for fungal infections of the foot. Terbinafine is a lipophilic antifungal agent that is effective against a broad spectrum of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of helium-oxygen mixtures in the treatment of acute exacerbations of COPD. The current evidence is based on a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that beta-blockers did not significantly improve respiratory
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dehumidifiers in the home environment to improve asthma control. A Cochrane review published in 2016 found no
SUPPORTED. Antiretroviral therapies are effective in reducing the risk of mother-to-child transmission of HIV . The use of antiretroviral drugs during pregnancy and childbirth can significantly reduce the risk
SUPPORTED. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is an effective treatment for depression . The efficacy of TMS is comparable to that of antidepressant medications and other forms of psychotherapy . T
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effectiveness of 'as required' medication for treating psychotic symptoms is not clear.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that the use of visibility aids improves the safety of pedestrians and cyclists in traffic. However, it is generally recommended to use reflective materials on clothing
SUPPORTED. (moderate) A meta-analysis of 11 cohort studies showed that a 10 g/day increase in dietary fibre intake was associated with a 10% reduction
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Tapered methadone is effective for managing withdrawal from opioids. The use of tapered methadone for opioid withdrawal has been supported by several studies. A randomized
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Bright light therapy improves sleep quality in adults aged 60 and above. The current evidence suggests that bright light therapy is effective in improving sleep quality in older adults. A systematic review and
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Kava extract is effective for treating anxiety compared to placebo .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of IVF for couples with unexplained infertility. The current research does not provide sufficient information to determine whether IVF is more
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cognitive-behavioural interventions improve sleep quality in older adults. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. D-cycloserine is a cyclic analog of D-alanine that is a partial agonist of the NMDA receptor. It has been proposed as a potential
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of hydration in preventing preterm birth in women with preterm labour. However, there is some evidence that hydration may be effective in
SUPPORTED. Early surfactant administration improves outcomes in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is based on a single RCT with a small sample size. The results of this study are not consistent. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  compared beta-lactam monotherapy with beta-lact
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The use of continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is the most effective treatment for obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) . CPAP is a form of pressur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous distending pressure in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. The use of continuous distending pressure in preterm infants with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
REFUTED. Metformin is not associated with an increased risk of lactic acidosis in patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus. The risk of lactic acidosis is very low in patients with type
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2017  compared the outcomes of enteral nutrition and parenteral nutrition in patients receiving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Haloperidol is effective for treating agitation in dementia patients. Haloperidol is a dopamine D2 receptor antagonist that has been used to treat psychosis
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 14 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that psychoeducational interventions for people with schizophrenia can improve knowledge about the illness,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: The second-line chemotherapy is effective for patients with non-small cell lung cancer. The second-line chemotherapy can be effective for patients with non-small cell lung cancer. The second-line chemotherapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Propylthiouracil is a thionamide antithyroid drug used to treat hyperthyroidism. There is no evidence that propylthiouracil impro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of prison visit programs for at-risk youth in reducing future criminal behavior.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Physical training improves lung function, exercise capacity, and quality of life in patients with cysts fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Antidepressants are effective in treating depression in people with schizophrenia. Antidepressants are effective in treating depression in people with schizophrenia. A systematic review
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Fluoride gel is effective in preventing dental caries in children. The effectiveness of fluoride gel in preventing dental caries in children has been well-established in numerous clinical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous distending pressure to reduce the need for invasive ventilation in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that foot orthoses were not effective in treating patellofemoral pain syndrome . However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of calcium channel blockers in women in preterm labor is not recommended due to the lack of evidence on their effic
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The combination of pegylated interferon and ribavirin is the standard of care for chronic hepatitis C. The combination of interferon and ribavirin has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the effectiveness of LAAM in treating heroin dependence .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anticonvulsant drugs in the management of cerebral malaria. The use of anticonvulsant drugs in cerebral
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 3,960 women under
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of restrictive transfusion thresholds in patients with SCD. The Cochrane review by Kwiatkowski et al.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear most effective treatment for early glottic laryngeal cancer. The treatment of early glottic laryngeal cancer is controversial and depends on the tum
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Buprenorphine is effective in managing opioid withdrawal symptoms. Buprenorphine is a partial μ-opioid receptor agonist that can prevent withdrawal symptoms
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of carbamazepine for treating cocaine dependence. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is insufficient evidence
REFUTED. Opioid antagonists are not effective for inducing opioid withdrawal under heavy sedation. The use of opioid antagonists for the management of opioid withdrawal in patients under deep sed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: 1B) Surgical treatment is more effective than non-surgical treatment for managing pleural empyema. The results of a meta-analysis of 11 random
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Massage therapy is effective for treating non-specific low-back pain. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,604 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The clinical research on this topic is limited and the results are inconsistent. Some studies suggest that carbamazepine is more effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioid antagonists in reducing alcohol consumption in people with alcohol dependence. The use of opioid antagonists in alcohol dependence is
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Plasma exchange is an effective treatment for Guillain-Barré syndrome. The Cochrane review of 2017 included 18 randomized controlled trials with 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous immunoglobulin in the treatment of chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropath
SUPPORTED. Aerobic exercise has beneficial effects on adults living with HIV infection .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Epidural blood patching is effective in preventing post-dural puncture headache. The first report of epidural blood patching was in 1984. Since then,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that bed rest after a dural puncture can help prevent postural headaches. However, there is also no evidence that bed rest after a dural puncture can harm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether treatments for infantile spasms improve long-term psychomotor development.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Thromboprophylaxis during pregnancy reduces the incidence of venous thromboembolic disease.
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: 1B) Surgical treatment is more effective than non-surgical treatment for carpal tunnel syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Melatonin is effective in reducing jet-lag symptoms after long-distance air travel .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of newer endometrial ablation techniques in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pneumococcal vaccination is effective in preventing acute otitis media in children.
SUPPORTED. (riluzole prolongs survival in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis). Riluzole was approved by the FDA in 1995 for the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Zonisamide is effective in reducing seizure frequency in patients with drug-resistant partial epilepsy. Zonisamide is a second-line antiepileptic
SUPPORTED. Amisulpride is effective in the treatment of schizophrenia. Amisulpride is a second-generation antipsychotic drug that has been shown to be effective in the treatment
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Physiotherapist-led rehabilitation programs are effective for knee injuries like ACL, MCL, and meniscal injuries. Physiotherapy is a core component of the management
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Naltrexone is a competitive antagonist of the μ-opioid receptor and is effective in reducing alcohol consumption in alcoholics. It has also been shown to reduce
LABEL: SUPPORTED. The current evidence suggests that different surgical interventions for age-related cataract do not affect visual outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of human albumin in preventing severe OHSS. However, there is some evidence that albumin infusion may be effective in treating OHSS
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ambulatory blood pressure monitoring is not routinely used in clinical practice during pregnancy. However, it is recommended in patients with suspected white-coat hypertension or in patients with unstable
SUPPORTED. (evidence) CPAP is the most effective treatment for OSA. CPAP is a treatment modality that involves the use of a machine that delivers pressurized air through a tube to a mask that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . Danazol is a synthetic androgenic anabolic steroid that has been used to treat anemia in women with heavy menstrual bleeding. However, the evidence for its
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that limited asthma education improves health outcomes in adults with asthma. However, there is evidence that asthma education improves health
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of brief psychological debriefing in preventing PTSD after trauma.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Supported housing schemes provide benefits for people with severe mental disorders living in the community. Supported housing schemes are a form of community-based housing for people with mental illness that provides a range of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that radiant warmers affect the fluid and electrolyte balance in newborns compared to incubators. The fluid and electrolyte balance
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of surgical intervention over non-surgical intervention for proximal humeral fractures. The choice of treatment should be individualized based
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of kinesthetic stimulation to reduce apnea and bradycardia in preterm infants. However, kinesthetic stimulation has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effectiveness of interferon for treating naive patients with chronic hepatitis C is still unclear.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The sliding hip screw was the most commonly used implant for extramedullary fixation of hip fractures until the 1990s. However, due to the high incidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best conservative treatment for distal radius fractures in adults. The choice of treatment depends on the type of fracture, the patient's needs, and the surgeon'
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of active chest physiotherapy to reduce reintubation rates in newborns after mechanical ventilation. A Cochrane review published in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant vitamin and mineral supplementation to slow the progression of age-related macular degeneration. The Age-Rel
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The use of low-dose corticosteroids is effective for treating rheumatoid arthritis in the short term. The Cochrane review of 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tocolysis prior to external cephalic version at term. The use of tocolysis prior to external cephalic version at
SUPPORTED: (yes). Regular aerobic exercise during pregnancy improves physical fitness and body image. Aerobic exercise during pregnancy has been shown to improve physical fitness and body image in pregnant women. A systematic review and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has shown that the effect of intravenous fluid preloading before epidural analgesia on maternal and fetal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for schizophrenia. ECT is a safe and effective treatment for schizophrenia, especially for patients who
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Corticosteroids have been shown to improve outcomes in acute ischaemic stroke. The use of corticosteroids in acute ischaemic stroke has been extensively
REFUTED. There is evidence that nebulisers are less effective than metered-dose inhalers with holding chambers for delivering beta2-agonists in acute asthma. In a Cochrane
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of antifungal prophylaxis in neutropenic
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The effectiveness of interventions to improve medication adherence has been demonstrated in several studies. A systematic review of 114 studies showed that interventions to improve medication adherence were effective
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective for helping people quit smoking. Acupuncture is effective for smoking cessation in both short-term and long-term follow-ups. Acupuncture is effective for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effect of inhaled corticosteroids on bone health in asthma patients is not clear. Some studies have shown that inhaled corticosteroids may have a positive
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that inhaled fluticasone propionate shows a dose-dependent effect in treating chronic asthma. The current research on this
SUPPORTED. Primary care asthma clinics are effective in managing asthma .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018 compared the efficacy and safety of beclomethasone
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective for reducing pain in adults with lateral elbow pain. Acupuncture is effective for reducing pain in adults with lateral epicondylalgia (LE)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Exclusive breastfeeding for six months is beneficial for child and maternal health compared to shorter durations. Exclusive breastfeeding for six months is associated with a reduced risk of gastrointestinal and
SUPPORTED. Antiretroviral therapies are effective in reducing the risk of mother-to-child transmission of HIV . The use of antiretroviral drugs during pregnancy and childbirth can significantly reduce the risk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that early androgen suppression therapy improves survival in men with advanced prostate cancer compared to delayed therapy. The optimal timing of androgen suppression therapy in men with
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of bisphosphonates in women with advanced breast cancer has been shown to reduce the risk of skeletal events and bone pain. A systematic review and meta-analysis of random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Hydromorphone is an effective option for managing pain in patients who cannot tolerate morphine. Hydromorphone is a synthetic opioid analgesic that is structur
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Tapered methadone is effective for managing withdrawal from opioids. The use of tapered methadone for opioid withdrawal has been supported by several studies. A randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Methenamine hippurate is a urinary anti-infective agent that acts by inhibiting bacterial energy metabolism. It is used to treat and prevent urinary tract in
SUPPORTED. Condoms are highly effective in preventing HIV transmission during heterosexual intercourse .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. 5-HTP and tryptophan are not recommended for treating depressive disorders. The use of 5-HTP and tryptophan is not recommended by the FDA
Epley manoeuvre is supported for the treatment of posterior canal benign paroxysmal positional vertigo. The Epley manoeuvre is a series of four head and body movements that reposition the displ
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of chronic blood transfusions in preventing strokes in patients with sickle cell disease. However, there is evidence that chronic blood trans
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Benperidol is effective and safe for treating schizophrenia and similar psychoses. Benperidol is a butyrophenone derivative that has been used in the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the optimal method for fluid volume optimization in patients undergoing hip fracture surgery. The current literature is limited to small observational studies and does not provide sufficient evidence to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of macrolides in managing chronic asthma. The use of macrolides in chronic asthma is not recommended due to the lack of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in the FEV1, F
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. (insufficient evidence for the question in current research).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The use of surgical face masks by the surgical team to prevent post-operative surgical wound infections is not supported
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that enhancing partner support improves smoking cessation rates. However, there is evidence that partner support is associated with successful smoking cessation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The WHO recommends the use of oral rehydration solution with an osmolarity of 2
REFUTED. Perazine is not recommended for the treatment of schizophrenia and similar psychoses. The use of perazine in the treatment of schizophrenia and similar psychoses is not supported by the current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
REFUTED. NIPPV is not recommended as the first line of treatment for preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. NCPAP is the preferred mode of non-invasive ventilation in preterm
SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic colposuspension is effective in treating urinary incontinence. The procedure is a surgical technique that involves placing sutures between the bladder and pelvic floor
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The combination therapy of ribavirin and interferon is effective for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C. The combination therapy of ribavirin and interferon is effective for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support the superiority of emergency sclerotherapy over pharmacological treatment for variceal bleeding in cirrhosis. However, sclerotherapy is the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no superior intervention for treating involutional entropion. The current treatment options include surgical and non-surgical methods. The surgical methods include lateral tarsorr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are some case reports and case series that have reported the use of antibiotics in the treatment of acute tox
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that intensive follow-up after colorectal cancer surgery improves patient survival. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether intensive follow
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that one surgical technique is superior to another for the treatment of chronic anal fissures. The choice of surgical technique should be based on the surgeon's experience
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether a pressurised metered dose inhaler is as effective as other handheld inhalers for delivering bronchodilators in stable COPD.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to find studies that addressed the question. The review included studies published in the last 1
SUPPORTED. Pressurized metered dose inhalers (pMDI) are effective for delivering bronchodilators in stable asthma . pMDI is a device that delivers a pre-measured
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016 included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Zhang et al.  compared the outcomes of primary resection and staged resection for patients with left colon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that radical surgery is more effective than radical radiotherapy for improving survival in muscle invasive bladder cancer. The choice of treatment depends on the patient's overall health,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hypertonic crystalloid in the treatment of hypovolaemia. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 random
SUPPORTED. Low-molecular-weight heparins are a safe alternative to vitamin K antagonists for long-term treatment of venous thromboembolism .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for acute non-arteritic central retinal artery occlusion. The main treatment is to relieve pain and protect vision. Laser therapy is not recommended
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Oral mucositis is a common side effect of chemotherapy and radiotherapy in cancer patients. Several interventions have been studied to prevent or treat oral mucositis, including
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are several antifungal agents that are used to treat oral candidiasis in cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzodiazepines in the treatment of neuroleptic-induced acute akathisia. However, the use of ben
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Lubeluzole is a calcium channel blocker that has been studied in acute ischaemic stroke. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence that lubeluzole
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that antibiotics help reduce active trachoma. The current evidence suggests that antibiotics are effective in reducing the signs of active trachoma, but not in preventing the development of tr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of distal diuretics in preterm infants with chronic lung disease. A Cochrane review published in 2019 included
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the statement that routine screening for Fragile X carrier status in low-risk women provides any additional benefit. The decision to screen for Fr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2012 included 11 RCTs
SUPPORTED. Sclerotherapy is an effective treatment for varicose veins .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of decongestants and antihistamines in children with acute otitis media. The Cochrane review on the use of de
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Laparoscopic surgery provides better diagnostic and therapeutic outcomes than conventional surgery for suspected acute appendicitis. The laparoscopic approach is associated with shorter hospital stays,
SUPPORTED. There is evidence that interventions with retailers reduce underage access to tobacco products. In a systematic review, the authors found that interventions with retailers reduced the prevalence of underage tobacco purchase attempts (OR
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends vitamin A supplementation for children with measles to reduce mortality and mor
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of loop diuretics to improve lung function in preterm infants with chronic lung disease. However, there is evidence that loop diuret
SUPPORTED. ECMO is effective for improving survival in newborns with severe respiratory failure .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of ultrasound therapy in the treatment of acute ankle sprains. The current research does not support the use of ultrasound therapy in the
REFUTED. There is no evidence that albumin reduces mortality in critically ill patients. In fact, a large multicenter trial showed that albumin was associated with increased mortality in critically ill patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nerve blocks for pain management after hip fracture. However, there is evidence that nerve blocks are effective for pain management after knee and ankle sur
SUPPORTED. Breastfeeding support interventions have been shown to improve the duration and exclusivity of breastfeeding .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) is not recommended for the treatment of sepsis or septic shock. The WHO meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that targeting body temperature improves outcomes for low birth weight infants in incubators. The optimal temperature for a preterm infant is not known
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of piracetam for fetal distress during labor. The use of piracetam for fetal distress during labor is not recommended.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Pygeum africanum is more effective than placebo for treating benign prostatic hyperplasia .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzodiazepines in the treatment of major depression. Benzodiazepines are not recommended as a first-line treatment for
SUPPORTED. (effective) Counselling in primary care is effective for patients with psychological problems.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Multidisciplinary bio-psycho-social rehabilitation is effective in improving outcomes for chronic low back pain. Multidisciplinary bio-psycho-social rehabilitation is a comprehensive approach
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ursodeoxycholic acid is the only drug approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of primary biliary cirrhosis. However, the evidence for its efficacy is
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is effective for treating schizophrenia. CBT is a type of psychotherapy that focuses on changing negative thought patterns and behaviours that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulized epinephrine to reduce the need for extra respiratory support after extubation in neonates. The
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Adjuvant chemotherapy with anthracycline-based chemotherapy regimens improves survival in women with early breast cancer. (evidence) Adjuvant chemotherapy
SUPPORTED. Early supported discharge services can reduce hospital stay for stroke patients .
REFUTED. (insufficient evidence) Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are not effective in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding in women. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Interferon is effective in treating acute hepatitis C infection. Interferon is a cytokine that has antiviral activity against a variety of viruses. It is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant vitamin and mineral supplementation to slow the progression of age-related macular degeneration. The Age-Rel
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Organized stroke unit care improves outcomes for stroke patients compared to other care methods.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Somatostatin and its analogues have been used to treat bleeding oesophageal varices. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of somatostatin or
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of exogenous sex hormones is not recommended for the treatment of lower limb atherosclerosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific treatment for nausea and vomiting in early pregnancy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that maternal hydration increases amniotic fluid volume during pregnancy. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of magnesium to prevent leg cramps in pregnant women. Magnesium supplementation has been shown to reduce the risk of pre-ecl
SUPPORTED. Antiretroviral therapy (ART) for HIV-infected pregnant women and infants can reduce the risk of mother-to-child transmission of HIV. ART for HIV-infected pregnant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of cephalomedullary nails over extramedullary implants in the treatment of extracapsular hip fractures. The choice of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of amnioinfusion in cases of meconium-stained amniotic fluid. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case series
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of methyl-xanthines in patients with COPD exacerbations. The use of methyl-xanthines is associated with an
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that exogenously administered superoxide dis
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of anticoagulants for atrial fibrillation reduces the risk of stroke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-fibrinolytic drugs to reduce the need for blood transfusions during surgery. However, there is some evidence that anti
SUPPORTED. Adjuvant tamoxifen improves survival in women with ER-positive breast cancer. The Early Breast Cancer Trialists' Collaborative Group (EBCTCG) meta-analysis of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that homeopathy is effective for inducing labour in the third
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that oestrogen is effective for cervical ripening and induction of labour. The use of oestrogen for cervical ripening and induction of labour is not
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Breast stimulation is effective for inducing labor in pregnant women. Breast stimulation can be used as a non-invasive method to induce labor in pregnant women. Breast
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of antidepressant medications is effective for treating bulimia nervosa. The use of antidepressant medications is effective for treating bulimia nervosa. The use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Kava extract is an effective treatment for anxiety .
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Etidronate is a bisphosphonate that has been shown to reduce bone turnover and increase bone mineral density (BMD) in postmenopausal women. A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of ultrasound therapy in the treatment of patellofemoral pain syndrome. The current evidence is based on low-quality studies with small sample sizes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Directly observed therapy (DOT) is a proven effective strategy to improve treatment completion rates for tuberculosis (TB) . A Cochrane review of 18 randomized controlled
SUPPORTED. Conservative treatment is effective for patients with whiplash injuries .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend anticoagulation for patients with heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF) and atrial
RATIONALE: The use of antiplatelet agents in heart failure patients is controversial. On the one hand, antiplatelet agents are used to prevent thrombotic events in patients with atrial fibrillation,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that removing finger rings and nail polish reduces the risk of surgical wound infections.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The integration of primary health care services has been shown to improve health care delivery and health status. A systematic review of 13 studies found that the integration of primary health care services was associated with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that adding calcium and phosphorus supplements to human milk improves growth and bone metabolism in pre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013 compared the effectiveness of biphasic and triphasic oral contr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Inhaled budesonide is effective in treating chronic asthma compared to a placebo. Inhaled corticosteroids (ICSs) are the most effective treatment for chronic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The dose response effect of budesonide in treating asthma is not clear. Some studies have shown that higher doses
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Interventions for health care providers, such as communication skills training, can improve patient-centred care in clinical consultations.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of rHu EPO in pre-dialysis patients with renal anaemia is not recommended by the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The effect of recombinant human growth hormone treatment on height in children with chronic renal failure is not clear. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of recombin
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The addition of bisphosphonates to standard therapy in multiple myeloma reduces skeletal-related complications. The use of bisphosphonates in multiple myeloma has
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 17,376
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Nicergoline is a dopamine D2/D3 receptor agonist and a serotonin 5-HT2A/2C receptor antagonist. It was
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of MTX in improving functional ability and quality of life in patients with Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Amphetamine psychosis is a condition in which a person experiences paranoia, hallucinations, and delusions after
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of current treatments for amphetamine dependence and abuse.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. The current research does not support the use of formula milk over human breast milk in low birth weight or preterm infants. Human breast milk is the gold standard for feeding preterm and low birth weight infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVENESS: Efficacy is defined as the ability of a treatment to produce the desired effect in a clinical scenario. In the case of first trimester abortion, the desired outcome is the termination of pregnancy
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Haloperidol is effective in reducing agitation in patients with dementia . However, it is not recommended as a first-line treatment due to its side effects.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different partner notification strategies for sexually transmitted diseases impact disease transmission.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Physiotherapy is effective in managing ankylosing spondylitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there are several studies that have shown that surgical sperm retrieval techniques are effective for men with severe oligosperm
EFFECTIVE: The second-line chemotherapy is effective for patients with non-small cell lung cancer. The second-line chemotherapy can be effective for patients with non-small cell lung cancer. The second-line chemotherapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzodiazepine receptor antagonists in the treatment of hepatic encephalopathy. The use of ben
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  found that there was insufficient evidence to determine whether the use of intravenous
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium antagonists in reducing seizures in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy. The current evidence is limited to small, single
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of preoperative smoking intervention on reducing postoperative complications.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-corticosteroid immunosuppressive agents in reducing relapses in children with steroid sensitive nephrotic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of SAMe in patients with alcoholic liver disease. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that SAMe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current standard treatment for locally advanced cervical cancer is concurrent chemoradiotherapy (CCRT) with cisplatin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support or refute the effectiveness and safety of primary radiotherapy to the groin for vulvar cancer. The current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The clinical research on phenytoin and phenobarbitone for treating seizures is limited and the results are inconsistent.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of one technique of tonsillectomy over the other in terms of morbidity. The choice of the technique of tonsillectomy should
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that additional systemic treatment improves survival outcomes for women with locoregional recurrence of breast cancer. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the hypothesis that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Anticholinergic therapy is not recommended for the treatment of bronchiectasis. However, anticholinergic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of oral corticosteroids in the treatment of bronchiectasis is not recommended. However, the use of oral cort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-acting bronchodilators in managing bronchiectasis not caused by cystic fibrosis. A systematic review of random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, the current guidelines recommend that oral anticoagulants are more effective than ticlopidine plus aspirin in the
REFUTED. The use of GP IIb/IIIa inhibitors in patients undergoing PCI is associated with an increased risk of bleeding and does not reduce the risk of death, myocardial infarction, or is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether combined oral contraceptive pills are effective for treating primary dysmenorrhoea
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature published in 2015 found that spinal manipulation may be effective in reducing pain in patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Proton pump inhibitors are more effective than H2-receptor antagonists for treating typical symptoms of gastro-oesophageal reflux disease . This is supported by a systematic review and meta
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tirilazad mesylate is a nitric oxide-releasing derivative of the non-selective cyclooxygenase inhibitor indomethacin. It
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioids for the relief of breathlessness in patients receiving palliative care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of early volume expansion in very preterm infants. The optimal fluid management in very preterm infants is still a matter of debate. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that biphasic oral contraceptives are less effective and more problematic than monophasic oral contraceptives. The effectiveness
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of carbamazepine in treating cocaine dependence. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bisphosphonates in people with cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence that bisphosphonates are effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews and randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Intermittent pneumatic compression is a mechanical method that can increase blood flow and reduce venous stasis. It is often used to prevent deep vein thrombosis in patients under
SUPPORTED. Mammographic screening for breast cancer reduces mortality .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Bell's palsy is an acute peripheral facial paralysis caused by an inflammatory lesion of the facial nerve. The standard treatment for Bell's pals
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that closed suction drainage reduces the risk of complications
SUPPORTED. Developmental care interventions improve outcomes for preterm infants .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic oxytocin during the third stage of labour to improve maternal and neonatal outcomes. The current evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of GnRH antagonists over GnRH agonists for ovarian stimulation in assisted reproduction. The choice
SUPPORTED. Galantamine improves cognitive function in patients with Alzheimer's disease .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaling heated water vapour to improve symptoms of the common cold. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2012
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of measures to reduce house dust mite exposure in the management of allergic rhinitis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of long-term antibiotics in preventing recurrent urinary tract infections in children. The use of long-term antibiotics is not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Inhaled beta-agonists are not recommended for patients who are intubated and receiving mechanical ventilation. However, inh
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of patient education in preventing foot ulcers in people with diabetes. However, there is evidence that patient education can improve knowledge and self-care behaviors in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no superior implant for fixing intracapsular hip fractures. The choice of implant depends on the type of fracture, the surgeon's preference, and the patient
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Glutamine is a conditionally essential amino acid that plays a crucial role in maintaining gut integrity and immune function in critically ill patients. Preterm infants are at high risk of gl
SUPPORTED. (riluzole prolongs survival in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis). Riluzole was approved by the FDA in 1995 for the treatment of
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral anticoagulants are more effective than antiplatelet therapy for preventing vascular events after cerebral ischaemia. The use of oral anticoagulants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  included 10 RCTs with 1,03
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Naltrexone is a competitive antagonist of the μ-opioid receptor and is effective in reducing alcohol consumption in alcoholics. It has also been shown to reduce
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aminopyridines are not recommended for the treatment of multiple sclerosis. However, there is no evidence that am
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of stent insertion over other treatments for relieving symptoms of superior vena cava obstruction.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous aminophylline in children with acute severe asthma. Aminophylline is a xanthine
SUPPORTED. Influenza vaccines are effective in preventing influenza in healthy adults. Influenza vaccines have been shown to be effective in preventing influenza in healthy adults in multiple studies. A systematic review and
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Mechanical methods are effective for cervical ripening or induction of labour compared to other treatments. The Cochrane review of mechanical methods for cervical ripening and indu
REFUTED. There is no evidence that laparoscopic ovarian drilling is effective for inducing ovulation in women with PCOS. The procedure is associated with a high rate of complications and a low
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of caffeine in the treatment of asthma. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that caffeine did not improve lung function
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support the use of azoles in the treatment of ABPA. However, there is evidence that azoles are effective in the treatment of Aspergillus-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the timing of weaning from supplemental oxygen affects health outcomes in preterm or low birth weight infants. The current literature is not sufficient to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the method of discontinuing supplemental oxygen affects health outcomes in preterm or low birth weight infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Theophylline is a bronchodilator that has been used to treat apnea in preterm infants. Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is the standard treatment for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of thyroid hormone therapy on outcomes in preterm infants without congenital hypothyroidism is unclear
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether macrolide antibiotics should be routinely prescribed for women with preterm prelabour rupture of membranes. The use of mac
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of vitamin C for asthma found no clear evidence of benefit . However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of rifampicin-containing short-course chemotherapy given two or three times a week as compared to daily treatment for pulmon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium is an important cofactor for more than 300 enzymatic reactions and plays a role in many physiological processes. Magnesium is involved in the regulation of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of reduced antenatal care for low-r
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Regional anaesthesia is as effective as general anaesthesia for hip fracture surgery. Regional anaesthesia is a safe and effective alternative to general anaest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inhaled nitric oxide is not recommended for routine use in preterm infants with hypoxic respiratory failure. However, it may be considered in preterm infants with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that tartrazine exclusion improves asthma control in most patients. The evidence is insufficient to support the hypothesis that tartrazine exclusion improves asth
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant effect of dietary sodium reduction on
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based). There is evidence that drug treatment can improve language abilities in people with aphasia after a stroke. The most effective drug treatment for aphasia is the combination of methylphen
SUPPORTED. Inhaled nitric oxide improves oxygenation in newborns with hypoxemic respiratory failure .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of chloroquine or amodiaquine with sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that LCPUFA supplementation in infant formula is beneficial for the development of term infants. However, the research does not refute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous corticosteroids to reduce the need for reintubation in newborns after removing their endotracheal tub
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical imidazole over nystatin for treating vaginal candidiasis in pregnancy. A Cochrane review published in 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin E in the prevention of tardive dyskinesia in people with chronic mental illnesses. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the effect of spironolactone on excessive hair growth in women is limited and the results are inconsistent.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tocolysis prior to external cephalic version at term. The use of tocolysis prior to external cephalic version at
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is conflicting. The Cochrane review of 2017 concluded that there is no evidence that proph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the effect of gangliosides in acute ischaemic stroke is limited and the results are inconsistent
SUPPORTED. Doxapram is a respiratory stimulant that has been used to treat apnea in preterm infants. Several studies have shown that doxapram is effective in reducing the frequency of ap
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Danazol is effective in treating the symptoms of endometriosis. Danazol is a synthetic androgen that has been used to treat endometriosis for over 30 years
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of betamimetic drugs to improve fetal growth in cases of suspected impairment. However, there is also insufficient evidence to refute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Condoms are highly effective in preventing HIV transmission during heterosexual intercourse .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The combination of amniotomy and intravenous oxytocin is used to induce labor in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Oxytocin is used to induce labor in pregnant women who have no progress of labor after 24 hours of spont
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Day hospitals are not an alternative to out-patient care for patients with severe mental disorders.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of synthetic membranes over cellulose membranes in patients with end-stage renal disease. The choice of membrane type should be based
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Dipyrone is not recommended for the treatment of postoperative pain. Dipyrone is not a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Eletriptan is effective for treating acute migraine attacks. Eletriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist that is effective for the
SUPPORTED. Transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) is effective for treating chronic pain . TENS is a non-invasive form of electrotherapy that uses electrical pulses to stimulate the nerves.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Rizatriptan is effective for treating acute migraine attacks. Rizatriptan is a 5-HT1B/1D receptor agonist that is effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bronchodilators in preterm infants with chronic lung disease. The use of bronchodilators in preterm infants with chronic lung
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether using NIPPV reduces the rate of extubation failure in preterm infants compared to NCPAP. The current evidence is limited to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that one type of surgical intervention is better than another for treating distal radius fractures in adults. The choice of surgical intervention depends on the type of fracture,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of fish oil supplementation to improve cardiovascular outcomes in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. 5-HTP and tryptophan are not recommended for treating depression. The use of 5-HTP and tryptophan is not recommended by the FDA. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether surgical treatments for bilateral congenital cataracts improve vision in children. The current research has shown that the timing of surgery is the most important
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether interventions for asymptomatic retinal breaks and lattice degeneration effectively prevent retinal det
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of multifocal intraocular lenses to improve near vision compared to standard monofocal lenses. The use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 17,376
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, the current literature suggests that preoperative blood transfusion is not beneficial for patients with sickle cell disease undergoing surgery
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The stapled technique is not inferior to the handsewn technique for colorectal anastomosis. The stapled technique is associated with a lower rate of anast
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Inhaled fluticasone propionate is effective for treating chronic asthma compared to placebo. The Cochrane review of 2016 included 10
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of anti-leukotriene agents in combination with inhaled corticosteroids in chronic asthma is not supported by clinical research. However, the use of anti
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of MTX in improving functional ability and quality of life in patients with Juvenile Idiopathic Arthritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The Cochrane systematic review on the use of opioid antagonists for smoking cessation found that there is currently insufficient evidence
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Lithium is the most effective long-term treatment for bipolar disorder, and it is effective in preventing relapse in patients with bipolar disorder (1). Lithium is
REFUTED. The current research does not support the use of formula milk in preterm or low birth weight infants. Human milk is the best option for preterm or low birth weight infants. Human milk is associated with better
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Parenting programs have been shown to improve outcomes for teenage mothers and their children in some studies, but not in others. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of parenting programs for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that psychological treatments help patients with thalassaemia cope better with their condition. However, there is evidence that psychological treatments can help patients with other chronic diseases cope better
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of domiciliary oxygen therapy in patients with interstitial lung disease. However, the use of domiciliary oxygen therapy in patients with inter
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Physiotherapy is effective for improving outcomes in patients with Parkinson's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no study that compares the effectiveness of occupational therapy with no treatment in patients with Parkinson's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no effective treatment for burning mouth syndrome. The current treatment options are mainly symptomatic and include topical analgesics, topical steroids, anticonvulsants, ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Alpha 1 proteinase inhibitor is a serine protease inhibitor that is produced by the liver and secreted into the bloodstream. It is the primary inhibitor of neutroph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that active compression-decompression cardiopulmonary res
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antivirals are effective in preventing or reducing the common cold.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether any interventions are effective in preventing hypotension during spinal anaesthesia for caesarean section. The current evidence is limited to
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Antibiotic therapy is effective and safe for treating spontaneous bacterial peritonitis in cirrhotic patients. The use of antibiotics is recommended for the treatment of spontaneous bacter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that one surgical technique is superior to another for the treatment of chronic anal fissures. The choice of surgical technique should be based on the surgeon's experience
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the effectiveness of pneumococcal vaccines in people with asthma found that the evidence was ins
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Colchicine is a microtubule inhibitor that has been used for decades to treat gout and familial Mediterranean
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that short-course palliative radiotherapy is more effective and less toxic for lung cancer patients. However, the evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion.
SUPPORTED. . The results of the meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials showed that reducing dietary fat reduced the risk of cardiovascular disease. The results of the meta-analysis of 11 random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that surgical treatment for tubal disease improves the success of IVF. The current research is insufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
RADICAL SURGERY SUPPORTED: (supported) . Radical cystectomy is the standard of care for muscle invasive bladder cancer. Radical radiotherapy is an alternative for patients who are not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculoneuropathy. However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of stimulant laxatives in children with chronic constipation and soiling. The use of stimulant laxatives in children with
SUPPORTED. (Radical surgical resection is more clinically effective than simple biopsy for patients with malignant glioma.) Radical surgical resection is the standard of care for patients with malignant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a treatment for neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) that involves the injection of a photosensitizer drug and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that anticoagulant drugs improve walking capacity in patients with intermittent claudication. However, there is evidence that anticoagulant drugs improve walking distance
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Screening for lung cancer with chest radiography or sputum examinations reduces lung cancer mortality.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Providing information to stroke patients and their caregivers improves outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that continuous oral antibiotic prophylaxis improves health outcomes in patients with cystic fibrosis. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute the
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Lamotrigine is effective in reducing seizures for patients with drug-resistant partial epilepsy. Lamotrigine is a second-generation antiepileptic drug (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of over-the-counter cough medicines for treating acute cough. The evidence is insufficient because of the low quality of the included studies and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral immunoglobulin in the prevention of necrotizing enterocolitis in preterm and low birth-weight neonates
SUPPORTED. Suburethral slings are effective in treating urinary incontinence. Suburethral slings are a surgical procedure that involves placing a synthetic mesh sling under the urethra to provide
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Depot pipothiazine palmitate is a long-acting antipsychotic medication that is effective in treating schizophrenia. However, there is limited research on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that different types of hip arthroplasties affect post-operative pain and mobility in patients with hip fractures. The current research does
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
RELIABLE: (supported). Surgical treatment is better than conservative management for cervical radiculopathy. For cervical myelopathy, surgical treatment is better than conservative management for patients with severe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of antibiotic prophylaxis in patients undergoing appendectomy. The use of antibiotic prophylaxis in patients undergoing appendect
SUPPORTED: Decision aids improve people's decision-making and health outcomes. Decision aids are tools designed to help people make informed decisions about their health care options. They typically include information about the pros and cons
SUPPORTED. Early diagnosis of cystic fibrosis through neonatal screening improves survival and long-term health outcomes .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of psychodynamic therapy for schizophrenia
SUPPORTED. Cranberry juice is effective in preventing urinary tract infections .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that teaching critical appraisal skills to health professionals improves patient outcomes. However, it is important to note that critical appraisal skills are not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anticonvulsants in infants after perinatal asphyxia to prevent death or severe neurodevelopmental disability. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of methods to reduce house dust mite allergens to improve asthma symptoms in sensitive individuals.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that chemical treatments are effective for head lice. The most recent Cochrane review on this topic, which included 18 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The optimal antibiotic treatment regimen for pregnant women with syphilis is not well established. However, the current recommendation is to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of post-operative injections of 5-Fluorouracil in glaucoma surgery. The use of 5-
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The polysaccharide serogroup A meningococcal vaccine is effective in preventing serogroup A meningococcal meningitis. The polysaccharide
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-nutritive sucking in preterm infants to improve clinical outcomes. However, there is evidence that non-nutritive suck
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The evidence suggests that folic acid supplementation before pregnancy and in the early weeks of pregnancy can prevent most NTDs . The evidence also suggests that folic acid supplementation in the pericon
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that counselling in primary care can improve psychological symptoms for patients . Another systematic review of 11 RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of outreach respiratory health care worker programmes in improving health outcomes for patients with COPD. A systematic review by Liu et al.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The current research supports the fact that professional and social support can help in treating postpartum depression. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that inter
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Vaginal misoprostol is effective for cervical ripening or induction of labour. The WHO recommends misoprostol for cervical ripening and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Labour assessment programs are designed to help women determine when to go to the hospital for delivery. These programs typically involve monitoring the woman's cervix and/or contractions at home and using
SUPPORTED. Cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) is effective for treating binge eating syndromes . CBT is a type of psychotherapy that focuses on changing negative thought patterns and behaviours that contribute to the development
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of brief psychological debriefing in preventing PTSD after trauma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Zuclopenthixol acetate is effective for the acute treatment of serious mental illnesses compared to other neuroleptic drugs. Zuclopenthixol acetate is a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence of the benefit of osteotomy for fixing unstable trochanteric femoral fractures. The current evidence is insufficient to support the use of oste
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inhaled nitric oxide is not recommended for routine use in preterm infants with hypoxic respiratory failure. However, it may be considered in preterm infants with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that restricting water intake in premature infants reduces the risk of serious health issues. The current recommendation is to provide infants with an adequate
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Thioridazine is not recommended for the treatment of dementia. The FDA has issued a black box warning for thioridazine due to the increased risk of death in elderly patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that antipsychotic medication is effective for managing challenging behavior in people with learning disabilities without additional mental illness.
SUPPORTED. Hospital at home is an effective alternative to in-patient hospital care .
SUPPORTED. There are several interventions that have been shown to reduce falls in elderly people. These include: (1) multifactorial interventions that address multiple risk factors for falls, (2) exercise interventions that
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The use of systemic corticosteroids in the maintenance of remission in Crohn's disease is supported by clinical research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of beta-blockers as an adjunctive treatment for schizophrenia. The current evidence is limited to small, short
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pre-operative traction for hip fractures. A systematic review by Kwong et al.  found that the use of pre-
SUPPORTED. Nicotine replacement therapy is effective in helping people quit smoking.
REFUTED. The use of methylxanthines to treat apnea in preterm infants is not supported by the current evidence. The Cochrane review of 2017  showed that there is no evidence
SUPPORTED. Coordinated multidisciplinary inpatient rehabilitation is effective in improving outcomes for older patients with hip fractures compared to usual care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether high frequency oscillatory ventilation reduces the risk of chronic lung disease in preterm infants compared to conventional ventilation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of antipsychotic medication for the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ankle supports to prevent sprains in active individuals. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence that ankle braces or supports
REFUTED. Nimodipine is not effective for treating symptoms of dementia. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that nimodipine did not improve cognitive function or activities
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that advanced life support training for ambulance crews reduces mortality and morbidity in trauma patients. However, there is evidence that advanced life support training for ambul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Relaxin is not used for cervical ripening or induction of labour.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: (insufficient evidence for the question in current research).
REFUTED: There is no evidence that corticosteroids induce labor in the third trimester. (Bishop et al., 2015)
REFUTED. Castor oil is not effective in inducing labor compared to other methods. A Cochrane review of 12 trials with 1,235 women showed that castor oil was no more effective than
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral prostaglandin E2 for induction of labor in the third trimester. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case
REFUTED. There is no evidence that hyaluronidase is effective in cervical ripening or induction of labour. The Cochrane review of 2016  included 11 R
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Iron deficiency anaemia in pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and neonatal health outcomes. Iron supplementation in pregnancy is effective in reducing the risk of an
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of sexual intercourse to ripen the cervix or induce labour. The current research is limited to small observational studies and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of extra-amniotic prostaglandin for cervical ripening or induction of labour. The use of extra-amni
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Haloperidol is effective for managing schizophrenia compared to placebo. The efficacy of haloperidol in schizophrenia was first demonstrated in the
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Supported employment is more effective than pre-vocational training for helping people with severe mental illness find jobs.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature does not provide sufficient information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that home treatment for deep vein thrombosis is safe and effective compared to hospital treatment.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cromolyn sodium is a mast cell stabilizer that has been used to treat asthma and allergic rhinitis. It has been suggested that cromolyn sodium
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Immediate post-partum IUD insertion is safe and effective. Immediate post-partum IUD insertion is associated with a lower failure rate compared to IUD insertion at
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is a lack of research on the effectiveness of family and parenting interventions in improving behavior in children and adolescents with conduct disorder.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Lithium is the most effective long-term treatment for bipolar disorder, and it is effective in preventing relapse in patients with bipolar disorder (1). Lithium is
SUPPORTED. Antidepressants are more effective than active placebos .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. TENS is effective for treating chronic low back pain. TENS is a safe and effective method for treating chronic low back pain. It can be used as an alternative to medication or as an adj
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there was no significant difference in the FEV1, F
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cyclosporin is not recommended as a first-line treatment for chronic severe asthma. However, it may be considered in patients with severe asthma that is uncontrolled with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that cardioselective beta-blockers have a negative impact on respiratory function in patients with mild-moderate reversible air
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Intravenous beta-agonist therapy is beneficial for severe acute asthma in the emergency department. Intravenous beta-agonists are effective in relieving bronchosp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of adding troleandomycin to oral steroids in patients with chronic steroid-dependent asthma. Therefore, it is not possible to answer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that adding gold compounds to oral steroids can help reduce the need for steroids in chronic severe asthma patients. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Short-acting beta-2 agonists are effective for treating acute exacerbations of COPD. Short-acting beta-2 agonists are commonly used to treat
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Radical radiotherapy is effective for patients with medically inoperable non-small cell lung cancer. Radical radiotherapy can improve the local control rate of patients with medically inoperable
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A Cochrane review published in 2015  found that there was not enough evidence to determine whether proactive telephone support is effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic found no studies comparing the effectiveness of reduced osmolarity oral rehydration solution with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of thermotherapy for rheumatoid arthritis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Speech and language therapy is effective for treating dysarthria in Parkinson's disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effect of NSAIDs on kidney function after surgery in healthy adults is still controversial. Some studies have shown that NSAIDs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of acetazolamide or furosemide in infants with post-hemorrhagic ventricular dilatation.
SUPPORTED: (beneficial). Antihypertensive drug therapy is beneficial for women with mild to moderate hypertension during pregnancy. Antihypertensive drug therapy can reduce the risk of adverse maternal and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to promote smoke alarm ownership in reducing fire-related injuries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the treatment of asymptomatic carriers of hepatitis B virus with Chinese medicinal herbs is still
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Hydroxyurea therapy improves outcomes for patients with sickle cell disease. Hydroxyurea therapy has been shown to reduce the frequency of vaso-occlusive crises, acute chest syndrome
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that short-course palliative radiotherapy is more effective and less toxic for lung cancer patients. However, the evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether there is a preferred type of FSH for ovulation induction in women with clomiphene-resistant PCOS. The current
SUPPORTED. Combined chemotherapy and radiotherapy is more effective than radiotherapy alone for patients with localized esophageal carcinoma .
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Speech and language therapy is effective for adults with dysarthria after non-progressive brain damage .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that prompting by professional carers improves attendance at clinics for people with serious mental illness.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intravenous immunoglobulin is effective in treating Guillain-Barré syndrome compared to no treatment or other treatments. Intravenous immunoglob
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of permissive hypercapnia in mechanically ventilated neonates. The optimal level of CO2 for neonates is not well
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of early volume expansion to reduce morbidity and mortality in very preterm infants. The current research has not provided sufficient evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that biphasic oral contraceptives are less effective than monophasic oral contraceptives. The effectiveness of oral contraceptives depends on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of diaphragm as a contraceptive method without the use of spermicide. The diaphragm is a barrier
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of group-based parenting programmes in improving maternal psychosocial health.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of antidepressants is effective in treating postnatal depression . The use of antidepressants is effective in treating postnatal depression .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pulse oximetry for perioperative monitoring to improve patient outcomes. However, pulse oximetry is a non-invasive,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the elective delivery of pregnant women with diabetes compared to expectant management. The current research has shown that the elective delivery of pregnant women with diabetes is associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. A cholesterol-lowering diet is more effective for lowering cholesterol in familial hypercholesterolaemia than no intervention or other diets. . The cholesterol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of low protein diets to delay the need for maintenance dialysis in kidney failure patients. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Desmopressin is used to treat bleeding in patients with congenital bleeding disorders such as von Willebrand disease. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of des
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Bell's palsy is an acute peripheral facial paralysis caused by an inflammatory lesion of the facial nerve. The standard treatment for Bell's pals
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are several studies that have shown that conservative management is effective for urinary incontinence after prostatectomy.
SUPPORTED. (effective) . Smoking cessation interventions in the hospital are effective.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Plasma exchange is an effective treatment for Guillain-Barré syndrome. The Cochrane review of 2017 included 18 randomized controlled trials with 1
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Local treatments such as cryotherapy, chemical agents, laser therapy, and surgical excision are effective for treating common warts.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that hormonally impregnated intrauterine systems are effective in preventing pregnancy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no research on the effectiveness of treatments for vaginismus in improving sexual intercourse.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of decongestants and antihistamines in children with acute otitis media. The Cochrane review on the use of de
ENOUGH INFORMATION. The effectiveness of guided tissue regeneration (GTR) in treating periodontal infra-bony defects has been extensively studied and compared to standard surgical treatment. A systematic review and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-medical day care centers for people with severe mental illness. The current research has not been able to provide clear evidence of the effectiveness of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The timing of surgery after a subarachnoid haemorrhage is a complex decision that depends on various factors,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aerosolized diuretics in preterm infants with chronic lung disease. A Cochrane review published in 201
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Physostigmine is a cholinesterase inhibitor that has been used to treat Alzheimer's disease. However, the evidence for its effectiveness is limited and conflicting.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of thiamine on Alzheimer's disease is still controversial. Some studies have found that thiamine supplement
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016 compared the use of nebulised and metered dose inhaled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that vitamin A supplementation after measles reduces complications in children. However, vitamin A supplementation is recommended for children with measles to prevent vitamin A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Diuretics are not routinely given to preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of diuret
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review on the effect of iron supplementation on cognitive development in children under 5 years of age found that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the use of antibiotic prophylaxis in patients undergoing appendectomy. The use of antibiotic prophylaxis in patients undergoing appendect
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral misoprostol is effective for inducing labor in the third trimester of pregnancy. The use of misoprostol for induction of labor in the third trimester
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that taking antibiotics before IUD insertion reduces the risk of infection. The current research does not provide enough information to answer this
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in acute exacerbations of COPD. However, the use of corticosteroids in acute exacer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of specific antibiotic regimens to reduce death and relapse in melioidosis. The current evidence is based on observational studies and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hip protectors to prevent hip fractures in elderly individuals after a fall. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) is a blood product that contains antibodies against a wide range of pathogens. It is used to treat a
SUPPORTED. Population-based STI interventions can help reduce HIV infection rates. (Population-based STI interventions include screening and treatment of STIs, condom promotion and distribution, and other interventions aimed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of methods to reduce house dust mite allergens in the treatment of asthma. However, there is some evidence that removing carpets and
RATIONALE: Amantadine and rimantadine are antiviral drugs that work by interfering with the replication of the influenza A virus. They have been used to treat and prevent influenza A infections
REFUTED. There is no evidence that chemical treatments are effective for head lice. The most recent Cochrane review on this topic, which included 18 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nerve blocks for pain management after hip fracture. However, there is evidence that nerve blocks are effective for pain management after knee and ankle sur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dietary supplements of fiber to treat constipation in pregnancy. However, the use of fiber supplements is generally considered safe during pregnancy.
REFUTED. Intravenous immunoglobulin does not reduce mortality in patients with sepsis or septic shock .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzodiazepines in the treatment of major depression. Benzodiazepines are not recommended as a first-line treatment for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based medicine). The management of overweight and obese individuals can be improved by health professionals. The management of overweight and obesity is a complex issue that requires a multifaceted
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Antidepressant medications are effective for treating depression in older patients. Antidepressants are effective in treating depression in older adults, with a number of randomized controlled trials (RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of GnRH analogues to reduce uterine volume and fibroid size before surgery. However, there is some evidence that GnR
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment for isolated fractures of the ulnar shaft in adults. The treatment of these fractures is challenging due to the complex anatomy of the distal ul
SUPPORTED. Prophylactic surfactant administration improves outcomes in premature infants at risk for respiratory distress syndrome .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of antibiotics for asymptomatic bacteriuria during pregnancy to reduce the risk of pyelonephritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of membrane sweeping to induce labor in the third trimester. The Cochrane review on this topic included 11 RCT
SUPPORTED. Inhaled nitric oxide improves oxygenation in newborns with hypoxemic respiratory failure .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous immunoglobulin in the prevention of nosocomial infections in preterm and low birth weight infants. A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that one of these two methods is better than the other. The choice of implant should be made by the surgeon based on the patient's condition and the sur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best conservative treatment for distal radius fractures in adults. The choice of treatment depends on the type of fracture, the patient's needs, and the surgeon'
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of DHEA or DHEAS in improving cognitive function in older adults or individuals with dementia. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials
SUPPORTED. Compression therapy is effective in treating venous leg ulcers .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Low-dose corticosteroids are effective for treating rheumatoid arthritis compared to placebo and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of physician advice on smoking cessation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of phenobarbital to prevent brain damage in infants born preterm. The use of phenobarbital to prevent brain damage in infants
SUPPORTED. (meta-analysis) Natural surfactant is more effective than synthetic surfactant for treating respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the elective caesarean delivery for small babies compared to expectant management. The current evidence is limited to case series and case reports. The available evidence
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Routine continuous electronic fetal monitoring during labor provides significant benefits compared to intermittent auscultation. The use of continuous electronic fetal monitoring during labor is associated with a reduction in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Breast engorgement is a common problem in breastfeeding women. It is characterized by pain, swelling, and hardening of the breasts. There is currently no clear evidence on the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of antipsychotic medication for the treatment
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Hormone replacement therapy (HRT) is the most effective treatment for hot flushes and night sweats in menopausal women. The effectiveness of HRT in reducing hot flushes
RELIABLE: (supported) . High frequency oscillatory ventilation reduces mortality and morbidity in infants with lung disease compared to conventional ventilation.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) There is evidence that interventions to improve communication with children and adolescents about cancer have beneficial effects. A systematic review of 11 studies found that interventions to improve communication with children
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2018  included 11 RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium sulphate is the first-line treatment for eclampsia. There is no evidence that lytic cocktail is more effective than magnesium sulphate for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A randomized controlled trial comparing fluocinonide cream with hydrocortisone for treating discoid lupus
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Glucosamine is effective for treating osteoarthritis. Glucosamine is a natural compound found in the body that is commonly used as a dietary supplement. It is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of different strategies to increase women's participation in breast cancer screening programs.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Radical radiotherapy is effective for patients with medically inoperable non-small cell lung cancer. Radical radiotherapy can improve the local control rate of patients with medically inoperable
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that there was no difference in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Oral or topical antiviral therapy is effective for herpes simplex virus epithelial keratitis. Oral antiviral therapy is effective for herpes simplex virus
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intra-operative application of mitomycin C in trabeculectomy for glaucoma. The current evidence is based on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Heliox is not recommended for routine use in acute asthma. Heliox is not recommended for routine use in acute asthma. Heliox is not recommended for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Acetazolamide is a carbonic anhydrase inhibitor that can reduce the respiratory acidosis by increasing the excretion of bicarbonate in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The effect of increasing the dose of Beclomethasone dipropionate on the treatment of long-term asthma is not clear.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral antifungals as an alternative to intravaginal antifungals for treating vulvovaginal candidiasis. However
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of methylxanthines in the treatment of bronchiectasis. However, methylxanthines are not recommended for the treatment of bron
SUPPORTED. Inhaled corticosteroid therapy is beneficial for patients with acute asthma in the emergency department. Inhaled corticosteroid therapy is effective in reducing the risk of asthma exacer
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Clotiapine is not recommended for the treatment of acute psychotic illness. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of clotiapine in acute psychotic illness. Cl
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is insufficient evidence to determine whether a liberal or restrictive fluid strategy is more
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the efficacy of ivermectin for the treatment of onchocerciasis in
SUPPORTED. Interprofessional education is more effective than separate professional education in improving collaboration among health and social care professionals .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Angiotensin-Converting Enzyme Inhibitors in Diabetic Nephropathy (ACE-
REFUTED. The use of systemic corticosteroids in the treatment of acute asthma in the emergency department is not recommended. The use of systemic corticosteroids in the treatment of acute asth
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that inhaled steroids are as effective as oral steroids for treating chronic asthma in adults. The current evidence suggests that inhaled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of terlipressin in acute esophageal variceal hemorrhage. Terlipressin is not recommended in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that eradicating H. pylori improves symptoms in patients with non-ulcer dyspepsia. The current evidence is conflicting
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the definition of chronic abacterial prostatitis, and the diagnosis is based on the exclusion of other prostate diseases. The current treatment is mainly symptomatic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Twin-twin transfusion syndrome (TTTS) is a rare complication of monochorionic twin pregnancies, characterized by uneven growth and development of the fetuses
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fibreoptic phototherapy is a type of phototherapy that uses a fibreoptic cable to deliver light to the infant's skin. It has been suggested that this method may
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of alpha2 adrenergic agonists in managing opioid withdrawal. However, alpha2 adrenergic agonists are used
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of vacuum aspiration over sharp curettage
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of traditional Chinese medicinal herbs in treating chronic hepatitis B infection is still controversial. Some studies have
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether specialist epilepsy clinics improve outcomes for people with epilepsy. The current research has not provided enough information to support or refute this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews and randomized controlled trials)
SUPPORTED. Levetiracetam is effective in reducing seizures in patients with drug-resistant partial epilepsy . The efficacy of levetiracetam in reducing seizures is comparable to other
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Negative pressure wound therapy (NPWT) is a method of wound management that involves the application of a foam or sponge dressing to the wound, which is then covered with a transparent poly
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The efficacy of betahistine in the treatment of Meniere's disease is still controversial. Some studies have shown
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether continuous or intermittent tube feeding is superior in premature infants less than 1500 grams. A recent meta-analysis of random
SUPPORTED. Exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation is effective in reducing cardiac deaths in patients with coronary heart disease. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled trials with 2,
SUPPORTED. Aerobic exercise has beneficial effects on adults living with HIV infection .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Galantamine is a cholinesterase inhibitor that has been shown to improve cognition and function in patients with Alzheimer's disease (AD) in several randomized controlled trials (RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The optimal dose of corticosteroids for treating acute severe asthma is not clear. However, the use of cortic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of beta2-agonists in patients with acute bronchitis who do not have underlying pulmonary disease. The use of beta2-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of phenobarbital for the prevention of intraventricular hemorrhage in preterm infants. The Cochrane
REFUTED. The MAGIC trial (n = 503) showed that preoperative chemotherapy did not improve overall survival for patients with resectable thoracic esophageal carcinoma .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of melatonin to reduce jet-lag symptoms after long flights. However, there is some evidence that melatonin may help reduce jet-lag
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Müller et al. (2013) compared the efficacy of cabergoline and
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cabergoline therapy can help reduce motor complications in patients with Parkinson's disease on levodopa. Cabergoline is a dopamine receptor D2 agonist that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no direct comparison between ropinirole and bromocriptine in patients with Parkinson's disease on levodopa therapy. However, ropinirole and
RELIABLE: (supported). Ropinirole is a non-ergoline dopamine agonist that has been approved for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. It has a similar affinity for dopamine recept
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 13 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions aimed at health professionals can improve diabetes management in primary care . The review found that interventions that
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Pelvic floor muscle training is effective for women with urinary incontinence. Pelvic floor muscle training is effective for women with urinary incontinence. Pelvic floor muscle
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that dietary advice from a dietitian is more effective than advice from other health professionals in lowering blood cholesterol.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that taking antibiotics before IUD insertion reduces the risk of infection. The current research does not provide enough information to answer this
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mucolytic agents in people with bronchiectasis. The mucolytic agents have not been shown to improve the symptoms of bron
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the routine perineal shaving before labor. The current research has shown that perineal shaving is associated with an increased risk of severe
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Acupuncture is more effective than no treatment for idiopathic headaches. Acupuncture is effective in reducing the frequency of migraine attacks and the intensity of migraine pain
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support the use of Mycobacterium vaccae immunotherapy in treating tuberculosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nerve blocks for pain management after hip fracture. However, there is evidence that nerve blocks are effective for pain management after knee and ankle sur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Postnatal corticosteroid treatment is beneficial for preventing chronic lung disease in preterm infants.
SUPPORTED. (moderately early postnatal corticosteroid treatment helps prevent or treat chronic lung disease in preterm infants).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of tamoxifen on relapsed ovarian cancer. However, there is a clinical trial (NCT03003330
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that counselling in primary care can improve psychological symptoms for patients . Another systematic review of 11 RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of manual therapies for treating asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Buflomedil is a calcium channel blocker that has been used in the past to treat peripheral vascular disease. However, it was withdrawn from the market in 19
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Vaginal misoprostol is effective for cervical ripening or induction of labour. The WHO recommends misoprostol for cervical ripening and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulised epinephrine to reduce the need for extra respiratory support after extubation in neonates. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review in 2018  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effect of varicocele treatment on pregnancy rates in subfertile couples. The current research has not provided enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al.  compared the effects of synchronized and conventional mechanical ventilation on the incidence of pneum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of surgical intervention over non-surgical intervention for proximal humeral fractures. The choice of treatment should be individualized based
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of enteral antibiotic prophylaxis to reduce the incidence of necrotizing enterocolitis in low birth weight and pre
SUPPORTED. Multidisciplinary team interventions improve care for elderly patients with delirium and cognitive impairment. Multidisciplinary team interventions have been shown to reduce the incidence of delirium
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Interventions in primary care can improve the delivery of preventive services. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions in primary care can
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of preoperative antibiotics for fracture surgery. The use of preoperative antibiotics for fracture surgery is not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of vitamin K administration in preventing brain injuries in infants born preterm. The current research is limited to the prevention
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Vitamin D supplementation reduces the risk of fractures in elderly individuals with osteoporosis. A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that vit
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question in current research. However, the current clinical practice guidelines recommend that repeated CSF tapping should be performed in neonates with post-hemorr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of calcium-channel blockers in the treatment of tardive dyskinesia is not recommended. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in reducing relapses in asthma patients after emergency treatment. However, the use of corticosteroids is recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pre-operative traction for hip fractures. A systematic review by Kwong et al.  found that the use of pre-
REFUTED. There is no evidence that planned caesarean section is superior to planned vaginal delivery for women with breech presentation. The best mode of delivery for women with breech presentation is vaginal delivery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016 found that there was insufficient evidence to determine whether bed rest in hospital
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether elective caesarean delivery improves outcomes for women in preterm labour compared to selective caesarean delivery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of antipsychotic medication for the treatment
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
ANSWER: SUPPORTED. (evidence from systematic reviews of randomized controlled trials) Antenatal education is associated with a reduction in the need for regional analgesia/epidural analgesia during labor and
REFUTED. Mifepristone is not used to induce labor in the third trimester. It is used for termination of pregnancy in the first trimester. It is not used for induction of labor
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Intravenous prostaglandin is effective for inducing labor compared to oxytocin. Intravenous administration of prostaglandin is effective for inducing labor,
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Beta-blockers are effective in treating mild-moderate hypertension in pregnant women. Beta-blockers are the most commonly used antihypertensive drugs in pregnancy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on amniotomy for induction of labor in women with a live fetus showed that there was no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The results of clinical trials on the effect of vitamin E on Alzheimer's disease are inconsistent. Some studies have
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no clinical research on the effect of anxiolytic drugs on smoking cessation. However, there is evidence that anxi
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Psychoeducational interventions are effective in improving treatment outcomes for people with schizophrenia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of thermotherapy for rheumatoid arthritis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of fluoride therapy on bone loss and fractures in postmenopausal women is still controversial. Some studies
LABEL: SUPPORTED. TENS is effective for relieving pain in knee osteoarthritis. The use of TENS for the treatment of knee osteoarthritis has been shown to be effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence of a difference in the number of oocytes retrieved
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that prophylactic cranial irradiation (PCI) prolongs survival in patients with small cell lung cancer (SCLC) in complete remission. The
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Medication is an effective treatment for PTSD. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are the most commonly used medications for PTSD. A meta-analysis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors have better tolerability compared to tricyclic antidepressants. The tolerability of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inhaled nitric oxide is not recommended for routine use in acute hypoxemic respiratory failure. However, it may be considered in patients with acute hypoxemic resp
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the use of thrombolysis as an initial treatment for acute limb ischaemia. However, there is evidence to support the use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The incidence of classic hemorrhagic disease of the newborn is very low, and the incidence of late hemorrhagic disease of the newborn is also very low
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Neuromuscular paralysis is not recommended for newborns on mechanical ventilation. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of neuromuscular paralysis
SUPPORTED. Kangaroo mother care (KMC) is a low-cost intervention that involves the continuous skin-to-skin contact of the infant with the mother’s chest. It has been shown to reduce mort
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The effect of NSAIDs on kidney function after surgery in healthy adults is still controversial. Some studies have shown that NSAIDs
RELIABLE: (supported) . Surgery is effective for managing intestinal obstruction in advanced gynaecological and gastrointestinal cancers.
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: 1B) Oxycodone is effective for managing acute postoperative pain. Oxycodone is a μ-opioid receptor agonist that is
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Piroxicam is effective for treating moderate to severe postoperative pain. Piroxicam is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous aminophylline in adults with acute asthma. Aminophylline is a combination of caffeine
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Inhaled beclomethasone diproprionate is effective in treating chronic asthma. Inhaled corticosteroids (ICSs) are the most effective controller
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that influenza vaccination did not reduce the risk of COP
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013 compared the effects of nedocromil sodium and sodium
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of compression hosiery in the prevention of venous ulcer recurrence. However, compression hosiery is recommended for the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to prevent gastrointestinal toxicity from NSAIDs. However, there are several interventions that can reduce the risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous distending pressure to reduce the need for invasive ventilation in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antifungal treatment improves clinical status in patients with ABPA and cystic fibrosis. However, there is also no evidence that antifungal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support that surgical resection is more beneficial than standard treatment for bronchiectasis. However, surgical resection may be considered for patients with localized bronchie
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that leukotriene receptor antagonists (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of feather bedding to control asthma symptoms. However, there is evidence that exposure to feather dust is associated with an increased risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hypertonic crystalloid in the treatment of hypovolaemia. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 11 random
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of group-based parenting programmes in improving maternal psychosocial health.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of once-daily dosing of intravenous aminoglycoside antibiotics for managing pulmonary exacerbations in
SUPPORTED. Low-molecular-weight heparins are as effective and safe as vitamin K antagonists for treating venous thromboembolism .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Ziprasidone is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to other antipsychotic drugs. Ziprasidone is a second-generation antipsychotic drug
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The question is too broad and there are many different subjective exit modifications. A more specific question should be asked.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Massage therapy is effective for treating non-specific low back pain .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  compared oral antibiotics with intravenous antibiotics for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of epidural local anaesthetics to improve gastrointestinal function after abdominal surgery compared to opioids. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review  showed that there is no evidence of the effect of nutritional interventions on recovery in elderly people after a
SUPPORTED. Developmental care interventions improve outcomes for preterm infants .
SUPPORTED. Exercise-based cardiac rehabilitation is effective in reducing mortality for patients with coronary heart disease. A systematic review and meta-analysis of 14 randomized controlled trials with 2,7
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that preoperative radiotherapy improves survival in patients with esophageal cancer. However, it is important to note that the answer is not refuted.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that domiciliary oxygen therapy improves survival in patients with severe hypoxaemia due to COPD. However, there is also no evidence that domiciliary oxygen
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). A Cochrane systematic review of 14 RCTs with 1012 participants showed that local corticosteroid injection was associated with a significant improvement in symptoms of car
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aminosteroids are not recommended for the treatment of acute traumatic brain injury. However, the use of aminoster
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not indicated for the treatment of measles. Antibiotics should be given to children with measles only if there is a clinical suspicion of bacterial superinfection. Antibiot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that D-penicillamine is effective in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. D-penicillamine is not recommended for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of loop diuretics in preterm infants with chronic lung disease. However, there is also insufficient evidence to refute the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of adjuvant chemotherapy for resectable soft tissue sarcoma. The role of adjuvant chemotherapy for resectable soft tissue sar
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral misoprostol is effective for inducing labor in women with a viable fetus. The use of misoprostol for cervical ripening and labor induction is
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Naltrexone is a competitive antagonist of the μ-opioid receptor and is effective in reducing alcohol consumption in alcoholics. It has also been shown to reduce
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Antidepressants are effective for treating depression in people with physical illnesses .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is limited to animal studies. There is no clinical trial to evaluate the effectiveness of doxycycline for preventing le
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aspirin is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that has been widely
REFUTED. Regular use of short-acting beta2-agonists does not negatively affect asthma control and pulmonary function. The use of short-acting beta2-agonists is an important part
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that fish oil supplementation did not improve asthma control
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hip protectors to prevent hip fractures in elderly individuals after a fall. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Rivastigmine is effective for treating Alzheimer's disease. Rivastigmine is a reversible acetylcholinesterase and butyrylchol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Therapeutic ultrasound is effective in treating venous leg ulcers. Ultrasound therapy is a non-invasive, safe, and effective method for treating venous leg ul
REFUTED. Cyclophosphamide is not recommended for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis due to its severe side effects and the availability of more effective and safer drugs .
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
EFFECTIVE: (supported). Reminiscence therapy is effective for people with dementia. Reminiscence therapy is a psychosocial intervention that aims to improve the quality of life of people with dementia by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Reality orientation is a cognitive stimulation therapy that aims to improve orientation in time and space, attention, memory, and problem-solving skills. It is often used in the treatment of de
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The use of corticosteroids in the treatment of pulmonary sarcoidosis is controversial. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether corticosteroids provide a benefit in
SUPPORTED. (effective)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of benzodiazepines in the treatment of major depression. Benzodiazepines are not recommended as a first-line treatment for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of lecithin in treating dementia or cognitive impairment. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the optimal non-blood replacement fluid for surgery on the abdominal aorta. The choice of fluid for surgery on the abdominal aort
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Cholera vaccines have been shown to be effective in preventing cholera cases and deaths. A systematic review and meta-analysis of cholera vaccines showed that the OCV vaccine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of rifampicin-containing short-course chemotherapy given two or three times a week as compared to daily treatment for pulmon
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of antimalarials in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. The use of antimalarials in rheumat
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Carnitine is a nutrient that is found in breast milk and is essential for normal growth and development. It is also a component of infant formulas. There is no evidence that carnit
SUPPORTED. Cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) is effective for treating binge eating syndromes . CBT is a type of psychotherapy that focuses on changing negative thought patterns and behaviours that contribute to the development
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Regional anaesthesia is as effective as general anaesthesia for hip fracture surgery. Regional anaesthesia is a safe and effective alternative to general anaest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of urinary-derived gonadotrophins for ovulation induction in women with PCOS trying to conceive. The
SUPPORTED. There are effective treatments for chronic pelvic pain in women. The treatments include physical therapy, cognitive behavioral therapy, antidepressants, anticonvulsants, and antispasmodics .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inositol supplementation is not recommended for preterm infants with RDS. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of inositol supplementation in pre
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Influenza vaccination is effective in preventing influenza and its complications in people with asthma. Influenza vaccination is associated with a reduced risk of hospitalization for
SUPPORTED. Operative treatment is more effective than conservative treatment for hip fractures in adults.
SUPPORTED. Discharge planning has been shown to reduce hospital readmissions for patients going home. A systematic review of 11 studies found that discharge planning reduced the rate of readmission by 19% .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antifibrinolytic medications to reduce heavy menstrual bleeding. The use of antifibrinolytic medications to treat
REFUTED. Antibiotics do not provide significant benefits for treating acute bronchitis. Antibiotics are not effective against viruses, which are the most common cause of acute bronchitis. Antib
SUPPORTED. Antibiotics are effective in treating acute otitis media in children .
SUPPORTED. Preventive therapy with anti-tuberculosis drugs reduces the risk of tuberculosis in people with HIV. The use of isoniazid, rifampicin, or both drugs for the
SUPPORTED. Mefloquine is effective in preventing malaria in adult travellers .
SUPPORTED. Coordinated multidisciplinary inpatient rehabilitation is effective in improving outcomes for older patients with hip fractures compared to usual care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Intravenous glycerol treatment is not recommended for acute stroke patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled anticholinergics in the treatment of acute pediatric asthma. The use of inhaled ant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antifungal drugs in cancer patients with neutropenia. However, the use of antifungal drugs is recommended in patients with
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Antibiotics are effective in treating bacterial pharyngitis, but not viral pharyngitis. Antibiotics are not effective in treating viral pharyngitis
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Antibiotics can help reduce respiratory infections and mortality in critically ill adults.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions such as directly observed therapy (DOT), incentives, and community-based interventions can improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The choice of carbamazepine or valproate as a first treatment for partial epilepsies depends on the individual patient
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Tricyclic antidepressants are more effective than placebo for treating depression in children and adolescents .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2017  included 11 RCTs with 1,126
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-leukotriene agents as effective as inhaled corticosteroids for managing chronic asthma. However, anti-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Inhaled corticosteroids are not recommended for the treatment of bronchopulmonary dysplasia in infants. The use of inhaled corticosteroids in
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Inhaled steroids reduce hospital admissions for acute asthma patients.
SUPPORTED. Risperidone is as effective as other atypical antipsychotic drugs for treating schizophrenia. The efficacy of risperidone is comparable to that of other atypical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cisapride is not recommended for the treatment of gastro-oesophageal reflux in children due to lack of evidence. The drug is no longer available in many countries.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of interventions to prevent gastrointestinal toxicity from NSAIDs. However, there are several interventions that can reduce the risk of
SUPPORTED. (moderate). The Cochrane systematic review of 2016  showed that exercise combined with a smoking cessation program was more effective than a smoking cessation program alone in helping people
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cognitive rehabilitation is effective for memory problems following stroke. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that cognitive rehabilitation is effective for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Feverfew is a plant that has been used for centuries to treat migraines. However, there is currently insufficient evidence to support its use in preventing migraines. The evidence is limited
REFUTED. NIPPV is not recommended as the first line of treatment for preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. NCPAP is the preferred mode of non-invasive ventilation in preterm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous distending airway pressure to reduce the need for invasive ventilation in preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. The use
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review by Krause et al. 2018  found that there is a lack of high-quality studies
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the efficacy and safety of cyclophosphamide for treating
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) of pramipexole as an adjunct to levodopa therapy in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing pramipexole and bromocript
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Bromocriptine is a dopamine agonist that has been used to treat Parkinson's disease for over
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Near-infrared spectroscopy is a non-invasive technique that uses near-infrared light to measure the concentration of oxygenated hemoglobin and de
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in patients with tuberculous meningitis. However, the use of corticosteroids in patients with tuber
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics for the treatment of traveller's diarrhoea. The use of antibiotics is not recommended for the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of other drugs in addition to desmopressin and tricyclics for the treatment of bedwetting in children.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence to support or refute the effectiveness and safety of primary radiotherapy to the groin for vulvar cancer. The current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Multidisciplinary rehabilitation is effective for subacute low back pain in working age adults. Multidisciplinary rehabilitation is a combination of different treatment methods, such
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al. 2018 1 showed that the use of premedication in day-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The immediate use of zidovudine in HIV patients is recommended to prevent mother-to-child transmission of HIV. However,
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . The combination of zidovudine with didanosine or zalcitabine is supported by clinical research. The combination of zidovudine with didanosine or z
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oxcarbazepine is effective in the treatment of drug-resistant partial epilepsy. The efficacy of oxcarbazepine in the treatment of drug-res
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Buprenorphine is effective for managing acute opioid withdrawal. Buprenorphine is a partial μ-opioid receptor agonist that can be used
SUPPORTED. Bypass surgery is effective for patients with chronic lower limb ischaemia. Meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials showed that bypass surgery was associated with a lower risk of major amputation than
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of doxapram on the need for intubation in preterm infants being weaned from ventilation. However, there is some evidence that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pimozide is a dopamine D2 receptor antagonist that has been used to treat schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders. However, the evidence for its eff
SUPPORTED. Thioridazine is effective for treating schizophrenia in elderly patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral protein calorie supplements to improve nutritional status in children with chronic diseases. The use of oral protein calorie supplements in
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Lamotrigine is effective in reducing seizures for patients with drug-resistant partial epilepsy. Lamotrigine is a second-generation antiepileptic drug (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of opioid antagonists for the treatment of alcohol dependence. The use of opioid antagonists for the treatment of alcohol dependence is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that lumbar supports are effective in preventing or treating non-specific low back pain. However, there is some evidence that they may be useful in reducing pain in people with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of distal diuretics in preterm infants with chronic lung disease. A Cochrane review published in 2019
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
EFFECTIVE: (yes). Suburethral slings are effective for treating urinary incontinence compared to other management options . Suburethral slings are considered the gold standard surgical treatment for stress urinary in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no consensus on the optimal surgical approach for intracapsular hip fractures in the elderly. The choice of surgical approach depends on the surgeon's preference and experience
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of surgical repair within the first 24 hours of birth to improve survival in infants with congenital diaphrag
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to compare the efficacy and safety of ropinirole and bromocriptine for treating motor complications in Parkinson's disease patients on lev
RELIABLE: (supported). Ropinirole is a non-ergoline dopamine agonist that has been approved for the treatment of Parkinson's disease. It has a similar affinity for dopamine recept
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Short-acting beta-2 agonists (SABAs) are effective in relieving symptoms of COPD. SABAs are commonly used for symptomatic relief of bronch
REFUTED. There is no evidence that graduated compression stockings prevent deep vein thrombosis in hospitalized patients.
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not indicated for the treatment of measles. Antibiotics should be given to children with measles only if there is a clinical suspicion of bacterial superinfection. Antibiot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of token economies in improving negative symptoms in people with schizophrenia. A systematic review of 10 studies found that token economies
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Corticosteroids are effective in the treatment of Guillain-Barré syndrome.
SUPPORTED. There is evidence that patient support and education interventions improve adherence to HIV treatment. A systematic review of 11 studies found that patient support and education interventions improved adherence to ART in people
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Immunotherapy with nivolumab or pembrolizumab is superior to everolimus in terms of overall survival and progression-free survival in patients with advanced
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Gabapentin is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant partial epilepsy . Gabapentin is a useful add-on treatment for partial epilepsy, especially for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different durations of vitamin K antagonist treatment affect the risk of recurrent venous thromboembolism. The optimal duration of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that surgical interventions are effective for treating degenerative lumbar spondylosis. The effectiveness of surgical interventions for degenerative lumbar spondylosis
REFUTED. The effectiveness of surgical intervention for treating lumbar disc prolapse is not supported by the current clinical research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacological agents to reduce postoperative adhesions and improve pregnancy rates.
SUPPORTED. Multicomponent strategies are effective in reducing smoking in public places. Multicomponent strategies include a combination of policy, environmental, and individual-level interventions. These strategies have been shown to be effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 studies and found no evidence of the effect of perioper
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Anticonvulsant drugs are used to treat chronic neuropathic pain, but the evidence for their efficacy is limited
EFFECTIVE: . Music therapy is effective in managing symptoms of dementia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy of azole antifungal agents in treating ABPA. However, there are some case reports and case series that suggest the effic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics in the treatment of persistent nasal discharge in children. However, the duration of antibiotic therapy and the choice of antib
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different cervical smear collection devices affect the detection of abnormal cells. The choice of cervical smear collection device is based on the preference
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  compared the efficacy and safety of AmBisome with conventional am
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Cognitive rehabilitation is associated with improvement in people with schizophrenia. Cognitive rehabilitation is a set of interventions that aim to improve cognitive functioning and
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Quetiapine is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to other medications. Quetiapine is a second-generation antipsychotic that has been approved by the F
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that on-site mental health workers significantly change the behavior of primary care providers. However, there is evidence that on-site mental health workers can improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that target payments improve the professional practice of primary care physicians. The impact of target payments on the professional practice of primary care physicians is still un
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that any treatment is effective for plantar heel pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that one of these two methods is better than the other. The choice of implant should be made by the surgeon based on the patient's condition and the sur
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that expanded roles for outpatient pharmacists improve patient outcomes and reduce health service costs. However, there is evidence that pharmacists can improve patient
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that topical and systemal treatments are effective and safe for scabies. However, there is a need for more research to determine the best treatment for scabies.
SUPPORTED. Compression therapy is effective in treating venous leg ulcers .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of beta-blockers as an adjunctive treatment for schizophrenia. The current evidence is limited to small, short
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based treatment) Various treatment strategies can effectively cure trichomoniasis in women. Metronidazole is the most commonly used drug for the treatment of trichomoniasis.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that training health professionals in smoking cessation counseling increased the rate of smoking cessation among patients .
SUPPORTED: (evidence-based). The use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and corticosteroids can improve symptoms in psoriatic arthritis
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tacrine is a reversible acetylcholinesterase (AChE) inhibitor that was approved by the FDA in 1993 for the treatment
SUPPORTED. Nicotine replacement therapy is effective in helping people quit smoking.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether using nasal continuous positive airway pressure helps preterm infants stay off additional ventilatory support after extubation.
SUPPORTED. Mefloquine is effective in preventing malaria in adult travellers .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Clomiphene citrate is effective for treating unexplained infertility in women. Clomiphene citrate is a non-steroidal selective estrogen
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the association between maternal posture and the outcome of breech presentation in pregnancy. However, the current research suggests that breech presentation is associated with maternal
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Active management of the third stage of labour is better than expectant management for reducing blood loss and complications. Active management of the third stage of labour is associated with a reduced risk of postpart
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of adjuvant chemotherapy for resectable soft tissue sarcoma. The role of adjuvant chemotherapy for resectable soft tissue sar
SUPPORTED. Lowering blood pressure in people with diabetes improves overall health outcomes. The SPRINT trial showed that intensive blood pressure control (SBP < 120 mmHg) in patients with diabetes, hy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitors on the progression of early diabetic renal disease in norm
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aldose reductase inhibitors in the prevention or reversal of diabetic peripheral neuropathy. The use of ald
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that reducing protein intake helps slow the progression of diabetic nephropathy to renal failure.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no consensus on the role of postoperative radiotherapy in completely resected non-small cell lung cancer. The role of postoperative radiotherapy in completely resected
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The current evidence supports the use of chemotherapy in the treatment of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) . The National Comprehensive Cancer Network (NCCN) guidelines
SUPPORTED. . The results of the meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials showed that reducing dietary fat reduced the risk of cardiovascular disease. The results of the meta-analysis of 11 random
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Progesterone/progestogen-releasing intrauterine devices are effective in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding. The Cochrane review of 2019 included
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether progestagens and anti-progestagens are effective in treating the painful
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016 included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Prompted voiding is a behavioral technique that involves encouraging a person to urinate at regular intervals, regardless of whether they feel the urge to urinate. It is often used to manage
SUPPORTED. Desmopressin is effective in reducing bedwetting in children .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of biofeedback and sphincter exercises in the treatment of faecal incontinence in adults. However, there is some evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that eradicating H. pylori improves symptoms in patients with non-ulcer dyspepsia. The current evidence is conflicting
SUPPORTED. Proton pump inhibitors are more effective than H2-receptor antagonists for treating gastro-oesophageal reflux disease . This is because proton pump inhibitors are more potent
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Minocycline is effective in treating inflammatory acne vulgaris compared to other treatments. Minocycline is a tetracycline antibiotic that has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aspirin is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that is commonly used to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al. 2018 1 showed that the use of premedication in day-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that hyperbaric oxygen therapy is effective in preventing neurolog
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The immediate use of zidovudine in HIV patients is recommended to prevent mother-to-child transmission of HIV. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that combinations of zidovudine with didanosine or zalcitabine improve survival in HIV patients. However, there is evidence that these combinations are effective in
SUPPORTED. Two-drug regimens are non-inferior to three-drug regimens for HIV treatment . The AIDS Clinical Trials Group (ACTG) 5257 trial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The 5-year relative survival rate for children with Stage I-IIA Hodgkin's Disease is 95% . The 5-year relative survival rate for
SUPPORTED. (Radical surgical resection is more clinically effective than simple biopsy for patients with malignant glioma.) Radical surgical resection is the standard of care for patients with malignant
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Photodynamic therapy (PDT) is a treatment for neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) that involves the injection of a photosensitizer drug and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of carbamazepine in treating cocaine dependence. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is insufficient evidence
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Opioid antagonists and adrenergic agonists are effective in managing acute opioid withdrawal. Opioid antagonists such as naltrexone,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that antistreptococcal interventions help manage psoriasis. Psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease that affects approximately 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Inhaled corticosteroids improve lung function in patients with cystic fibrosis. The use of inhaled corticosteroids in patients with cystic fibros
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Neonatal screening for sickle cell disease is a public health program that aims to identify newborns with the disease and provide them with appropriate care. The program has been implemented in many countries
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that continuous oral antibiotic prophylaxis helps prevent lung damage in patients with cystic fibrosis. However, there is evidence that continuous oral antibiotic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of postoperative hydrotubation after female pelvic reproductive surgery is not supported by the current clinical research
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research has not been able to prove the effectiveness of surgical interruption of pelvic nerve pathways for treating dysmen
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of low protein diets to delay the need for maintenance dialysis in kidney failure patients. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of local anaesthesia to reduce pain after tonsillectomy. However, there is evidence that local anaesthesia reduces the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of postpartum education on contraceptive use in helping mothers use contraception effectively.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Alcohol-related injuries are reduced by interventions for problem drinking. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that interventions for problem drinking reduced
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Bicycle helmets have been shown to reduce head injuries in crashes by 60–70% and facial injuries by 30–40% . The use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are as effective as other antidepressants. The effectiveness of antidepressants is dependent
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. However, there are several studies that have shown that conservative management is effective for urinary incontinence after prostatectomy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Tonsillectomy is a surgical procedure that involves the removal of the palatine tonsils. It is commonly performed
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that preoperative radiotherapy improves survival in patients with esophageal cancer. However, it is important to note that the answer is not refuted.
SUPPORTED. Radiotherapy is effective in relieving pain from bone metastases .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. IUD insertion immediately after abortion is safe and effective. The insertion of an IUD immediately after a first-trimester abortion is a safe and effective method of contraception.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that Ginkgo biloba extract did not significantly reduce the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence level: 1B) Surgery is the standard treatment for symptomatic rectal prolapse in adults. The effectiveness of surgery is well-established in the literature. The most
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The systematic review by Khoja et al. 2017  showed that there is a lack of high-quality
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Multiple risk factor intervention reduces mortality from coronary heart disease in adults without established cardiovascular disease.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Primary coronary angioplasty is better than thrombolytic therapy for treating acute myocardial infarction. The current guidelines recommend primary angioplasty for patients
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing ibuprofen with diclofenac for
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Paracetamol is effective for managing moderate to severe postoperative pain. Paracetamol is a safe and effective analgesic for postoperative pain management. It is a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that palliative chemotherapy is beneficial for patients with advanced colorectal cancer. However, the decision to use palliative chemotherapy should be made on a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the claim that recordings or summaries of medical consultations help cancer patients remember information better.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the treatment of nonarteritic ischemic optic neuropathy (NAION). The treatment of NAION is mainly supportive, including oral mannitol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that maximal androgen blockade improves survival in patients with advanced prostate cancer compared to castration alone. The question is not relevant in the current setting of treatment for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Psychological and pharmacological treatments are effective for pathological gambling.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no clinical trial comparing the efficacy and safety of lisuride and bromocriptine in patients with Parkinson's disease. However, lisuride
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tyrosine is a precursor of catecholamines and melanin. Phenylketonuria (PKU) is a rare autosomal recess
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Nebulised hypertonic saline improves lung function in patients with cystic fibrosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs in the prevention of lung damage in cystic fibrosis. A systematic review
SUPPORTED. (riluzole prolongs survival in patients with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis). Riluzole was approved by the FDA in 1995 for the treatment of
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Corticosteroids are effective in the treatment of Guillain-Barré syndrome.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that routine growth monitoring improves child health outcomes. However, there is evidence that routine growth monitoring can identify growth faltering and malnutrition,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Dextropropoxyphene is not recommended for the management of postoperative pain. The use of dextro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that platinum-based chemotherapy improves survival in patients with locally advanced bladder cancer. However, it is difficult to draw a conclusion because there is no clear
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Platinum-based chemotherapy is more effective than non-platinum therapy for advanced ovarian cancer. Platinum-based chemotherapy has been shown to be more effective than non-pl
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Topiramate is effective as an additional treatment for patients with drug-resistant partial epilepsy. Topiramate is effective in reducing seizure frequency in patients with drug-res
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Zonisamide is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant partial epilepsy. Zonisamide is a sulfonamide derivative that was approved in
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Gabapentin is effective as an add-on treatment for drug-resistant partial epilepsy . Gabapentin is a useful add-on treatment for partial epilepsy, especially for
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Botulinum toxin is an effective treatment for lower limb spasticity in children with cerebral palsy. Botulinum toxin is a neurotoxin
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of the effectiveness of disposable absorbent products for managing incontinence found that there is a lack of high-quality
SUPPORTED. Early diagnosis of cystic fibrosis through neonatal screening improves survival and long-term health outcomes .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Chest physiotherapy is effective for improving mucus clearance in patients with cystic fibrosis. Chest physiotherapy is a combination of postural drainage, per
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that vaccination is effective against Pseudomonas aeruginosa in patients with cystic fibrosis. The current recommendation is to vaccinate patients with cyst
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Naltrexone is a competitive antagonist of the μ-opioid receptor and is effective in reducing alcohol consumption in alcoholics. It has also been shown to reduce
REFUTED. There is no difference in the rate of complications between laparoscopic and minilaparotomy sterilisation. The rate of complications is low and similar for both procedures. The most common
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the hypothesis that taking antibiotics before IUD insertion reduces the risk of infection. The current research does not provide enough information to answer this
SUPPORTED. Mifepristone is an effective emergency contraceptive method. Mifepristone is a progestin that acts by preventing the uterus from accepting the embryo. It is effective
REFUTED. The current evidence does not support the use of cranberry juice for treating urinary tract infections .
SUPPORTED. Cranberry juice is effective in preventing urinary tract infections .
LABEL: SUPPORTED. CMV infection is a common complication in solid organ transplant recipients. CMV infection can cause significant morbidity and mortality in these patients. Antiviral agents such as g
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no superior surgical technique for treating cervical intra-epithelial neoplasia. The choice of surgical technique depends on the size and type of lesion
SUPPORTED. Antidepressants are effective for treating depression in patients with physical illnesses. Antidepressants are effective for treating depression in patients with physical illnesses, including cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic pain,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Bladder training is effective for treating urinary incontinence . Bladder training is a behavioral treatment for urinary incontinence that involves a combination of strategies to help individuals learn how to voluntarily
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of antibiotics in the treatment of leptospirosis is controversial. Antibiotics are not indicated
SUPPORTED. A phenylalanine restricted diet is effective for patients with phenylketonuria .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of human albumin in preventing severe OHSS. However, there is some evidence that albumin infusion may be effective in treating OHSS
SUPPORTED. ICSI improves fertilisation rates compared to other fertilisation techniques .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of one protocol over another . However, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pharmacological agents to reduce postoperative adhesions and improve pregnancy rates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of bowel obstruction in patients with advanced gastrointestinal and ovarian cancers.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Screening for colorectal cancer using the faecal occult blood test reduces mortality from the disease.
SUPPORTED. (systemic therapy is more effective than best supportive care for metastatic cutaneous melanoma).
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Guttate psoriasis is a type of psoriasis that is characterized by small, drop-like or coin-shaped, red scaly lesions. It is usually found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antibiotics in the treatment of acute bacterial conjunctivitis. However, the use of antibiotics is common in clinical practice
REFUTED. There is no evidence that albumin reduces mortality in critically ill patients. In fact, a large multicenter trial showed that albumin was associated with increased mortality in critically ill patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Bromocriptine is a dopamine agonist that has been used to treat Parkinson's disease (PD)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of enteral tube feeding in patients with cystic fibrosis. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. A systematic review
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of anticonvulsant drugs for chronic pain management is controversial. Some studies have shown that anticonvulsant drugs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of post-operative injections of 5-Fluorouracil in glaucoma surgery. The use of 5-
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Baclofen is effective for treating long-term spasticity in spinal cord injury patients. Baclofen is a gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA
LABEL: SUPPORTED.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hormonal agents to improve the outcomes of hysteroscopic surgery for menorrhagia. However, there is some evidence that horm
REFUTED. There is no evidence that laparoscopic ovarian drilling is effective for inducing ovulation in women with PCOS. The procedure is associated with a high rate of complications and a low
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that mass screening of older people for visual impairment improves their vision. However, there is evidence that mass screening can lead to earlier detection of visual impairment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Mannitol is a common osmotic diuretic used in the management of severe head injury. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of mannitol in the management
SUPPORTED. (moderate to severe head injury). Mild therapeutic hypothermia is effective in reducing mortality and morbidity in patients with moderate to severe head injury.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pool fencing to prevent drowning in young children. The use of pool fencing is not recommended as a stand-alone prevention method. It
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research on the effectiveness of high-dose methylprednisolone for treating acute spinal cord injury is controversial
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of beta-sitosterols for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that beta
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cernilton is a herbal medicine that has been used in the treatment of BPH. However, there is currently insufficient evidence to support the use of Cernilton in the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of allopurinol on chronic prostatitis. Therefore, it is not possible to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of progestational agents as adjuvant therapy for endometrial cancer is controversial. Some studies have shown that progest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The extended tip spatula is a new device for collecting endocervical cells. It has been reported that the extended tip spatula
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of health education interventions in reducing HPV transmission among women.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of tamoxifen on relapsed ovarian cancer. However, there is a clinical trial (NCT03003330
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) is more effective than standard medical care in reducing fatigue and improving physical functioning in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) .
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulised anti-pseudomonal antibiotic treatment in cystic fibrosis patients to improve lung function
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral contraceptives for the management of painful symptoms of endometriosis. However, there is some evidence that they may be effective in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, it is known that estrogen is a hormone that regulates the metabolism of carbohydrates and lip
REFUTED. There is no evidence that colloid solutions reduce mortality compared to crystalloid fluids in critically ill patients. In fact, the use of colloids is associated with an increased risk of acute
REFUTED. Hyperventilation is not recommended in patients with severe head injury. Hyperventilation can cause hypocapnia and decrease cerebral blood flow, which can worsen the outcome of patients with severe
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) is effective for treating binge eating syndromes. The efficacy of CBT for binge eating disorders has been demonstrated in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of brief psychological debriefing in preventing PTSD after trauma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of GnRH analogues to reduce uterine and fibroid size before surgery for uterine fibroids. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that there was no significant difference in the effect of weight-loss diets compared to regular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether treatment with aural toilet and topical antibiotics is effective for chronic suppurative
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Hypericum perforatum is effective for treating mild to moderate depression .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  included 11 RCTs with 744 participants
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral steroids in cystic fibrosis patients. However, there is evidence that inhaled corticosteroids improve lung function in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral calorie supplements to improve nutritional intake in patients with cystic fibrosis. The current evidence is limited to case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether certain hormone replacement therapy regimens effectively protect against endometrial hyperplasia and carcinoma while minimizing abnormal vaginal bleeding.
REFUTED. (insufficient evidence) Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are not effective in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding in women. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials
SUPPORTED. There are effective treatments for chronic pelvic pain in women. The treatments include physical therapy, cognitive behavioral therapy, antidepressants, anticonvulsants, and antispasmodics .
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based practice) Antipsychotic medication is effective for managing challenging behavior in people with learning disabilities. Antipsychotic medication is effective for managing challenging behavior in people with learning disabilities.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. Intra-uterine insemination is not recommended for couples with male subfertility.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There are several treatment options available for tubal pregnancy that affect treatment success and future fertility. The choice of treatment depends on the patient's clinical condition, the duration of the pregnancy, the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  compared intrauterine insemination with cervical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antioxidant vitamin or mineral supplements to prevent the progression of age-related macular degeneration. The Age-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin or mineral supplements to prevent age-related macular degeneration. The Age-Related Eye Disease Study (AREDS)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of management techniques in reducing reoffending rates in convicted sex offenders and those with sexual preference disorders.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research comparing the effectiveness of pergolide and bromocriptine in patients with Parkinson's disease already on levodopa. However, there is a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Pergolide is a non-selective dopamine agonist that was used to treat Parkinson's disease (PD) in the past. However, it was withdrawn
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Ursodeoxycholic acid (UDCA) is a bile acid that has been used to treat cystic fibrosis-related liver disease (CFLD) in children and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of surgical techniques for treating tubal infertility. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether surgical techniques for treating tubal infert
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the effectiveness of spironolactone in reducing excessive hair growth in women is limited and the results are inconsistent
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Somatostatin and octreotide are not recommended for the treatment of acute variceal bleeding. However, somatostatin and octreotide may be considered for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is conflicting. The Cochrane review of 2017 concluded that there is no evidence that proph
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (effective) The combined oral contraceptive pill (COC) is effective in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding. The COC is a combination of estrogen and progestin. It works by preventing
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effect of enhancing kinin levels in men on pregnancy rates for couples with unexplained fertility issues.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of home-based support programs for socially disadvantaged mothers and their children. However, there is evidence that home-based support programs can improve
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Plasma-derived vaccines have been shown to be effective in protecting health-care workers from hepatitis B infection. The hepatitis B vaccine is a safe and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 1
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review in 2017  compared the efficacy and safety of daily FSH versus daily h
REFUTED. Barbiturates do not effectively reduce raised intracranial pressure in patients with acute traumatic brain injury . Barbiturates are associated with increased mortality and should not be used for the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antihypertensive drug therapy in elderly patients. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether the benefits of antihypertensive drug
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antifungal drugs in cancer patients with neutropenia. However, the use of antifungal prophylaxis in high
SUPPORTED. (Yes, improving patient adherence to prescribed medications can enhance health care outcomes). Improving patient adherence to prescribed medications can enhance health care outcomes. The evidence suggests that improving patient adherence
REFUTED. The use of systemic corticosteroids in the treatment of acute asthma in the emergency department is not recommended. The use of systemic corticosteroids in the treatment of acute asth
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that inhaled steroids are as effective as oral steroids for treating chronic asthma in adults. The current evidence suggests that inhaled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of drugs alongside snake antivenom to prevent adverse effects. However, it is important to note that the use of drugs alongside snake
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antipyretic measures in malaria to reduce the length of illness and other outcomes. However, there is some evidence that antipy
REFUTED. (insufficient information) There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tetracycline or doxycycline for the treatment of scrub typhus. The current evidence is based on case reports and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nursing record systems to improve nursing practice and patient outcomes. However, the use of nursing record systems can improve the efficiency of nursing work and reduce the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Telemedicine is a rapidly growing field and has been shown to be effective in many areas of medicine. However, the evidence for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Naftidrofuryl is a drug that has been used in the treatment of critical limb ischaemia. However, there is currently insufficient evidence to support its use in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no oral NTHi vaccine available. The only NTHi vaccine in clinical trials is a parenteral vaccine. The parenteral vaccine is in phase III clinical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Oscillococcinum is a homeopathic medicine that is claimed to be effective in treating influenza. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of Oscill
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Glucocorticoids are effective in treating children with croup.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that nasal decongestants are effective in relieving nasal congestion caused by the common cold. The use of nasal decongestants is not recommended in the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Pimozide is a dopamine D2 receptor antagonist that has been used to treat schizophrenia and related psychotic disorders. However, the evidence for its eff
SUPPORTED. Zotepine is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to other antipsychotic drugs. Zotepine is a second-generation antipsychotic drug that has been shown to be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of corticosteroids in the treatment of pleural TB is controversial. Some studies have shown that corticoster
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines recommend surveillance every 6 months for asymptomatic abdominal aortic aneurysms (AAA)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that domiciliary oxygen therapy improves survival in patients with severe hypoxaemia due to COPD. However, there is also no evidence that domiciliary oxygen
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The optimal dose of corticosteroids for treating acute severe asthma is not clear. However, the use of cortic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pressure relieving beds and mattresses in preventing and treating pressure sores.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2012 included 11 RCTs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Medical day hospital care is a form of hospitalization in which patients are admitted for a few hours or days for diagnostic and therapeutic procedures and then discharged. It is intended to provide
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaling heated water vapour to improve symptoms of the common cold. The Cochrane systematic review published in 2012
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of passive prophylaxis in preventing hospitalizations due to respiratory syncytial virus in high-risk infants. The Cochr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Sertindole is a 5-HT2A/5-HT2C receptor antagonist that was developed for the treatment of schizophrenia. However, it
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that patient-held clinical information is beneficial for people with psychotic illnesses.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the effectiveness of thiamine for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease is limited and the results are incons
SUPPORTED. There is evidence that interventions with retailers can effectively reduce underage access to tobacco products. A systematic review of 10 studies found that interventions with retailers, such as training, monitoring, and enforcement
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that treatments for gastro-oesophageal reflux improve asthma symptoms. However, there is evidence that proton pump inhibitors
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Inhaled short-acting beta 2 agonist bronchodilators improve symptoms in stable COPD compared to placebo. The Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive L
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that inhaled beta-agonists are effective in the treatment of acute asthma in non-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium sulfate is not recommended for routine use in acute asthma patients in the emergency department. However, it may be considered in patients with status asthmaticus .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the most effective type of graft for femoro-popliteal bypass surgery. The choice of graft depends on several factors, including the patient's
SUPPORTED. (effective in children) . Acellular pertussis vaccines are effective in children. Acellular pertussis vaccines are safe and immunogenic in children. Acellular pertussis
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not indicated for the treatment of measles. Antibiotics should be given to children with measles only if there is a clinical suspicion of bacterial superinfection. Antibiot
REFUTED. There is no evidence that routine blood transfusion for severe anaemia in malarious areas reduces death rates. The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends that blood transfusion should be reserved
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of iron-chelating agents in treating Plasmodium falciparum malaria. The use of iron-chelating agents in treating mal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that validation therapy is effective for people with Alzheimer's disease and other forms of dementia. However, validation therapy is a promising approach that aims to improve
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The common cold is a viral infection of the upper respiratory tract. It is caused by a variety of viruses, and there is no known cure for it. Zinc loz
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Isoniazid is not recommended for the prevention of tuberculosis in people at increased risk.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The optimal duration of treatment for active TB is not known. The current standard treatment regimen is 6 months for drug-suscept
SUPPORTED. Olanzapine is effective for treating schizophrenia. Olanzapine is a second-generation antipsychotic (SGA) that is effective in treating schizophrenia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. Aspirin is a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) that has been widely
SUPPORTED. Individual counselling is effective in helping smokers quit smoking.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Community interventions are effective in preventing young people from starting to smoke.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mucolytic agents in patients with bronchiectasis. The current literature is limited to case reports and case series. A randomized controlled
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Corticosteroids are effective in reducing the risk of mortality and the need for mechanical ventilation in patients with acute exacerbations of COPD.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral mucolytics to reduce exacerbations in adults with chronic bronchitis or COPD. A Cochrane systematic review published in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that fish oil supplementation did not improve asthma control
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that inhaled beclomethasone significantly delays growth in children with asthma. The current evidence is conflicting and does not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing salmeterol with theophylline
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of oral zinc in the treatment of venous leg ulcers. However, there is some evidence to support the use of topical zinc sul
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Vaccines are effective in preventing influenza in healthy adults.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of chest radiography in children with acute lower respiratory infections. However, the use of chest radiography is common in clinical practice.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether bronchodilators provide significant benefits for treating bronchiolitis.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The neuraminidase inhibitors oseltamivir and zanamivir are effective in preventing influenza in healthy adults. The neuraminidase inhibitor oseltamiv
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of rice-based oral rehydration solution in reducing stool output in patients with acute watery diarrhoea. The Cochr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that newer typhoid fever vaccines are less toxic than older whole cell vaccines. The safety profile of newer typhoid vaccines is similar
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fatty acids as an adjunctive treatment for schizophrenia. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials found that
EFFECTIVE: (supported) Rivastigmine is effective for treating Alzheimer's disease. Rivastigmine is a reversible acetylcholinesterase and butyrylchol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of methods to reduce house dust mite allergens in the treatment of asthma. However, there is some evidence that removing carpets and
SUPPORTED. Allergen specific immunotherapy (AIT) is an effective treatment for allergic asthma . AIT is a long-term treatment that involves repeated administration of gradually increasing doses of the allergen
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2016 found that there is insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dressings and local anaesthetics in relieving pain in venous leg ulcers. However, there is some evidence that suggests that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
RATIONALE: Amantadine and rimantadine are antiviral drugs that have been used to treat influenza A infections. They work by blocking the M2 ion channel on the influenza virus, which is required
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that there is no effective palliative therapy for symptomatic
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not recommended for the treatment of non-severe salmonella diarrhoea in healthy individuals. Antibiotics may cause adverse effects and promote the emergence of antibi
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that Mycobacterium vaccae can be used to treat tuberculosis. Mycobacterium vaccae is a non-tuberculous
REFUTED. There is no evidence that chemical treatments are effective for head lice. The most recent Cochrane review on this topic, which included 18 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 1,
LABEL: REFUTED. There is no evidence that zuclopenthixol decanoate is more effective than oral zuclopenthixol and other antipsychotic preparations for treating schizophren
REFUTED. There is no evidence that seclusion and restraint are effective interventions for serious mental illnesses. Seclusion and restraint are not effective in reducing aggressive behavior, reducing the need for coercive measures, or
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The efficacy of sulpiride in the treatment of schizophrenia is supported by clinical research. In a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled
EFFECTIVE: . Music therapy is effective in managing symptoms of dementia.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Reminiscence therapy is a psychosocial intervention that involves the recollection of past events and experiences with the goal of improving the quality of life and well-being of the individual.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Reality orientation is a cognitive stimulation therapy that aims to improve orientation in time and space, attention, memory, and problem-solving skills. It is often used in the treatment of de
SUPPORTED. (meta-analysis) The Cochrane review of 2014  showed that self-help materials are more effective than no treatment. The review included 104 studies with 44,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of asthma self-management programmes with regular medical review in improving health outcomes for adults with asthma.
SUPPORTED. Physical training improves fitness in people with asthma .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The use of corticosteroids in the treatment of pulmonary sarcoidosis is controversial. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether corticosteroids provide a benefit in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of caffeine in the treatment of asthma. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that caffeine did not improve lung function
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is the most effective treatment for obstructive sleep apnoea (OSA) in adults . CPAP is a non-invasive treatment that involves the
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Long-acting beta2-agonists (LABAs) are effective in improving symptoms in patients with COPD. LABAs are commonly used in the treatment of COPD. They work
SUPPORTED. Low molecular weight heparin is effective for treating venous thromboembolism .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The polysaccharide serogroup A meningococcal vaccine is effective in preventing serogroup A meningococcal meningitis. The polysaccharide
REFUTED. Intravenous immunoglobulin does not reduce mortality in patients with sepsis or septic shock .
SUPPORTED. (effective)
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Oral progestogen therapy is effective in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding in women of reproductive age. The effectiveness of progestogens in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of lecithin in treating dementia or cognitive impairment. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence to support the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review published in 2012  included 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and concluded that there
SUPPORTED. Hypnotherapy is effective in smoking cessation. A systematic review of 18 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that hypnotherapy was effective in smoking cessation, with an
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. There is no clinical trial comparing group therapy and self-help for smoking cessation. However, there is a systematic review comparing group therapy and
SUPPORTED. Mass media campaigns can help prevent young people from starting to smoke. The Cochrane review of 100 studies found that mass media campaigns can reduce smoking initiation among young people .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that limited asthma education improves health outcomes in adults with asthma. However, there is evidence that asthma education improves health
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the effectiveness of manual therapies for treating asthma.
SUPPORTED. Lung volume reduction surgery (LVRS) is effective for treating severe diffuse emphysema. LVRS is a surgical procedure that involves the removal of areas of the lung that are severely damaged
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in preventing post-extubation stridor in critically ill patients. However, the use of corticosteroids
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inhaled corticosteroids (ICS) are not recommended for the treatment of bronchiectasis. However, there is a lack of high-quality evidence to support this recommendation. A
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the use of the Alexander technique for people with chronic asthma.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of outreach respiratory health care worker programmes in improving health outcomes for patients with COPD. A systematic review by Liu et al.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Exercise has been shown to reduce pain in patients with knee OA. A systematic review of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that exercise interventions, including aer
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Vitamin E supplementation improves symptoms of intermittent claudication in patients with peripheral artery disease.
REFUTED. The management of overweight and obese individuals by health professionals has been improved by the development of evidence-based guidelines and the use of behavioral change techniques.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effect of vitamin C supplementation on the incidence of colds is still controversial. Some studies have shown that vitamin C supplementation can reduce the incidence of colds,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The effectiveness of orthodontic treatment in expanding the maxillary dentition and correcting posterior crossbites is not clear. The literature is not conclusive on this matter.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of oral prophylactic agents to prevent oral mucositis and candidiasis in cancer patients is controversial. Some
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Vaccines against tick-borne encephalitis have been shown to be effective in preventing the disease in clinical trials and observational studies. The safety and efficacy of the T
SUPPORTED. (effective) Vaccines are effective in preventing plague. The only licensed plague vaccine, the live-attenuated vaccine (LPV), has been shown to be effective in preventing bubonic plague
SUPPORTED. Anthrax vaccines are effective in reducing the risk of contracting anthrax . Anthrax vaccines have been shown to be effective in preventing infection in both humans and animals. The vaccine has been shown
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Live oral cholera vaccines have been shown to be effective in preventing cholera in endemic areas. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of oral chol
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of steroids in the treatment of cerebral malaria. The use of steroids in the treatment of cerebral malaria is controversial.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of rifampicin-containing short-course chemotherapy given two or three times a week as compared to daily treatment for pulmon
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Quetiapine is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to other medications. Quetiapine is a second-generation antipsychotic that has been approved by the F
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to conclude whether newer atypical antipsychotic drugs are as effective as clozapine for treating schizophrenia. The effectiveness of cloz
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Rapid smoking is a method in which a smoker is asked to smoke a series of cigarettes in a short period of time, usually 5 to 15 minutes. The method is
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether newer formulations of 5-aminosalicylic acid are effective for maintaining
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to determine whether newer 5-ASA formulations are effective for inducing remission in active ul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that involving primary care professionals in diabetes care improves patient outcomes compared to specialist follow-up.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The common cold is a viral infection of the upper respiratory tract. Echinacea is a plant that has been used for centuries as a traditional remedy for colds and
SUPPORTED. (praziquantel is effective against Schistosomiasis mansoni) . Praziquantel is the drug of choice for the treatment of schistosomiasis. It is
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Artemisinin derivatives are effective for treating severe malaria. The efficacy of artemisinin derivatives in treating severe malaria has been demonstrated in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that any treatment for TB pericarditis improves survival rates. However, there is also no evidence that any treatment does not improve survival rates. The current evidence is
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Zuclopenthixol acetate is effective for the acute treatment of serious mental illnesses compared to other neuroleptic drugs. Zuclopenthixol acetate is a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of mechanical barriers during pelvic surgery to improve pregnancy rates in women. The use of mechanical barriers during pelvic surgery is not recommended in the
REFUTED. Thioridazine is not recommended for the treatment of dementia. The FDA has issued a black box warning for thioridazine due to the increased risk of death in elderly patients with dementia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The Cochrane review of 2015  showed that health and social interventions can improve the quality of life of carers of people with Alzheimer's-type de
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials of selegiline in Alzheimer's disease found no significant effect on well
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Risperidone is more effective than conventional neuroleptic drugs for treating schizophrenia. The efficacy of risperidone in treating schizophrenia has
SUPPORTED. Outreach visits improve health professional practice and patient outcomes. Outreach visits are effective in improving health professional practice and patient outcomes. The effectiveness of outreach visits in improving health professional practice and patient outcomes is supported by the
SUPPORTED. Multidisciplinary team interventions are effective in managing delirium in older patients with cognitive impairment. Multidisciplinary team interventions are effective in reducing the incidence of delirium
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of methotrexate in reducing the need for oral corticosteroids in adults with asthma. A systematic review of randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of chloroquine or amodiaquine with sulfadoxine-pyrimethamine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute this question. However, there is evidence that helminth infections can lead
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Influenza vaccination is effective in preventing influenza and its complications in people with asthma. Influenza vaccination is associated with a reduced risk of hospitalization for
SUPPORTED. Insecticide-treated bednets are effective in preventing malaria .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that hospital-at-home care improves patient outcomes compared to in-patient hospital care. The current research has shown that hospital-at-home
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that homeopathy is effective in the treatment of chronic stable asthma. However, there is no evidence that it is ineffective.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of clinical practice guidelines in nursing and allied health professions.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the use of Gonadotrophin Releasing Hormone analogues in the treatment of the painful symptoms of endometriosis. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that expanded roles for outpatient pharmacists improve patient outcomes and health services utilization. However, there is evidence that pharmacists can provide effective
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, both permethrin and gamma benzene hexachloride are effective in treating scabies.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of DHEA in improving psychological well-being or cognitive function in older adults or individuals with dementia. A systematic review of randomized controlled
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Conventional systemic corticosteroid therapy helps maintain remission in Crohn's disease. The Cochrane review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of anti-tuberculous therapy for the maintenance of remission in Crohn's disease is not supported by clinical
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current study showed that CDP-choline is effective in improving cognitive function in elderly patients with chronic cerebral disorders.
SUPPORTED. Compression therapy is effective in treating venous leg ulcers .
SUPPORTED. Audit and feedback is effective in improving health professional practice.
SUPPORTED. Audit and feedback is a widely used quality improvement strategy in healthcare. It is defined as the process of collecting data on the performance of healthcare professionals and presenting this information to healthcare professionals in order to facilitate learning and change
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Artemisinin-based combination therapies (ACTs) are recommended as the first-line treatment for uncomplicated falciparum malaria in most malaria
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antifibrinolytics in reducing heavy menstrual bleeding. The use of antifibrinolytics in reducing heavy menstrual
REFUTED. Antibiotics are not effective against viruses, which are the main cause of the common cold. Antibiotics may cause side effects and contribute to antibiotic resistance.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane systematic review of antibiotics for acute bronchitis in adults showed that antibiotics had no significant effect
REFUTED. The current evidence does not support the use of antibiotics for the treatment of acute sinusitis in adults. The American Academy of Family Physicians (AAFP) and the American College of Physicians (
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of doxapram in people with ventilatory failure due to COPD exacerbations. The current evidence is limited to one small
SUPPORTED. Antibiotics are effective in treating acute otitis media in children .
SUPPORTED. (evidence-based treatment strategies are effective in curing trichomoniasis in women) . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends metronidazole as
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Tinidazole is an effective treatment for giardiasis. Tinidazole is a 5-nitroimidazole compound with a broad-spectrum ant
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Drug treatment is effective for improving outcomes in neurocysticercosis. The current evidence suggests that drug treatment is effective for improving outcomes in neurocysticercosis. The most commonly
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin E for the treatment of tardive dyskinesia. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found that there is a lack
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Tacrine is a reversible acetylcholinesterase (AChE) inhibitor that was approved by the FDA in 1993 for the treatment
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of corticosteroids in reducing relapses in asthma patients after emergency treatment. However, the use of corticosteroids is recommended
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of silver acetate in helping people quit smoking.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of exogenous sex hormones is not recommended for the treatment of lower limb atherosclerosis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aerosolized ribavirin in infants with RSV lower respiratory tract infections. A Cochrane review in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of printed educational materials to improve the behavior of health care professionals and patient outcomes.
SUPPORTED. Preventive therapy with anti-tuberculosis drugs reduces the risk of tuberculosis in people with HIV. The use of isoniazid, rifampicin, or both drugs for the
SUPPORTED. (evidence from randomized controlled trials)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of physician advice on smoking cessation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review published in 2016  included 11 studies (7 randomized controlled trials, 4 observ
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anti-oestrogens in the treatment of idiopathic oligo-asthenospermia. The use of anti
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Androgen treatment is effective for men with unexplained low sperm count or motility. The efficacy of androgen treatment for men with unexplained low sperm count
REFUTED. Nimodipine is a calcium channel blocker that has been studied in the treatment of vascular dementia. However, a systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence that nimod
SUPPORTED. Nicotine replacement therapy is effective in helping people quit smoking.
SUPPORTED. Mefloquine is effective in preventing malaria in adults. Mefloquine is a prophylactic drug that has been shown to be effective in preventing malaria in adults. Several studies have
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Malaria vaccines have been shown to be effective in preventing malaria in various clinical trials. The most advanced malaria vaccine, RTS,S, has been shown to reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the statement that local opinion leaders improve health professional practice or patient outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of lipid-lowering therapy in patients with lower limb atherosclerosis. However, there is evidence that lipid-lower
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of GnRHa before FSH/hMG in women with ovulatory dysfunction. The current evidence is based on a single RCT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that garlic supplementation did not improve walking distance in patients with peripher
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of the literature was conducted to identify studies that evaluated the effectiveness of family therapy in combination with medication for asthma
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Nurse-doctor collaboration has been shown to improve patient care outcomes. A systematic review of 14 studies found that nurse-doctor collaboration was associated with improved patient outcomes, including
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Danazol is effective in treating the symptoms of endometriosis. Danazol is a synthetic androgen that has been used to treat endometriosis for over 30 years
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Azathioprine is effective in maintaining remission of quiescent Crohn's disease. The efficacy of azathioprine in maintaining remission of quiescent Cro
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 2,465 women
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of inhaled anti-cholinergics in children with acute asthma. The use of inhaled anti-chol
SUPPORTED. Clonidine is effective in helping smokers to quit. Clonidine is a α2-adrenergic agonist that has been used as a treatment for hypertension.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Clomiphene citrate is an ovulation induction drug that works by binding to estrogen receptors in the hypothalamus and pituitary gland, which
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
REFUTED. There is evidence that nebulisers are less effective than metered-dose inhalers with holding chambers for delivering beta2-agonists in acute asthma. In a Cochrane
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of bromocriptine in women with unexplained subfertility. The use of bromocriptine in women with une
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Antibiotics are effective in treating bacterial pharyngitis, but not viral pharyngitis. Antibiotics are not effective in treating viral pharyng
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Antibiotics can help reduce respiratory infections and mortality in intensive care patients.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Amodiaquine is effective for treating uncomplicated malaria .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review of 10 randomized controlled trials found that interventions to promote adherence to tuberculosis treatment were associated with improved patient outcomes .
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective for helping people quit smoking. Acupuncture is effective for smoking cessation in both short-term and long-term follow-ups. Acupuncture is effective for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of acupuncture for asthma in adults showed that the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Molindone is an antipsychotic drug that is used to treat schizophrenia. However, there is limited research on the effectiveness of molindone compared to other antips
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is conflicting. The Cochrane review of 2017 concluded that there is no evidence that surfact
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published in 2018 found that there is insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Auranofin is a gold-containing compound that has been used to treat rheumatoid arthritis (RA) for decades. However, the evidence for its eff
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review of 2010 concluded that there is no evidence that low-level laser therapy is effective for treating
SUPPORTED. Behavioural therapy is effective for treating chronic low back pain. Behavioural therapy is a type of psychotherapy that focuses on changing a person's thoughts, feelings, and behaviours to improve their
SUPPORTED. Multidisciplinary rehabilitation is effective for fibromyalgia and widespread musculoskeletal pain. Multidisciplinary rehabilitation is a combination of different treatment methods, such
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcitonin in the prevention of corticosteroid-induced osteoporosis. The use of calcitonin in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: REFUTED. Loxapine is not more effective than typical antipsychotics for treating schizophrenia. In a meta-analysis of 11 randomized controlled trials, lox
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) showed that the use of calcium antagonists did
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Oral anticoagulation with vitamin K antagonists reduces the risk of stroke in patients with chronic atrial fibrillation. The CHADS2 and CHA2DS
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of antiplatelet agents in patients with atrial fibrillation is associated with a higher risk of stroke than the use of anticoagulants. However, in patients
SUPPORTED. Carotid endarterectomy (CEA) is the standard treatment for patients with symptomatic carotid stenosis. However, the benefit of CEA for patients with asymptomatic carot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review  showed that there is no evidence of the effect of nutritional interventions on recovery in elderly people after a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Injection therapy is not a specific treatment modality. It includes a wide range of interventions, such as epidural steroid injections, facet joint injections, trigger point injections
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Depot pipothiazine palmitate is a long-acting antipsychotic medication that is effective in treating schizophrenia. However, there is limited research on the
RELIABLE: (supported). Depot bromperidol is more effective than placebo for treating schizophrenia. The efficacy of depot bromperidol in treating schizophrenia
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fluspirilene is a benzamide derivative with antagonistic activity at dopamine D2 receptors and 5-HT2A receptors. It is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of depot perphenazine decanoate and enanthate in the treatment of schizophrenia. The use of depot per
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of peripheral retinal ablation in premature infants with threshold retinopathy of prematurity. The current evidence is based on a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of phenobarbital for the prevention of intraventricular hemorrhage in preterm infants. The Cochrane
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Flupenthixol decanoate is a long-acting antipsychotic used to treat schizophrenia. However, there is limited research on its efficacy compared
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is no evidence that D-penicillamine is effective in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. D-penicillamine is not recommended for the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The use of haloperidol decanoate for the treatment of schizophrenia is not recommended in the current guidelines
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. A systematic review of the literature on the effectiveness of psychodynamic psychotherapy for people with schizophrenia was published in 20
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that surgical interventions are effective for treating degenerative lumbar spondylosis. The effectiveness of surgical interventions for degenerative lumbar spondylosis
SUPPORTED. Acupuncture is effective for treating non-specific low back pain .
REFUTED. Surgery is not effective in relieving nerve root irritation caused by lumbar disc prolapse. The current clinical research evidence does not support the effectiveness of surgery in relieving nerve root irritation caused by lum
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Randomized controlled trials have shown that bisphosphonates are effective in preventing and treating osteoporosis caused by corticosteroids.
REFUTED. Carbamazepine is not recommended for the treatment of schizophrenia. The FDA has not approved carbamazepine for the treatment of schizophrenia. The evidence from clinical trials
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hip protectors to prevent hip fractures in elderly individuals after a fall. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question. The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support or refute the effectiveness of bed rest in patients with acute low back pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the use of ultrasound therapy in the treatment of acute ankle sprains. The current research does not support the use of ultrasound therapy in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend the use of cooling devices in the treatment of acute ischemic stroke. However, the guidelines do
SUPPORTED. Thienopyridine derivatives are more effective than aspirin in preventing serious vascular events in high-risk patients. The use of thienopyridine derivatives in combination with aspirin is more
REFUTED. Antifibrinolytic treatment does not improve the functional outcome of patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage . However, it is associated with an increased risk of vas
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Using nasal CPAP right after birth helps reduce lung problems in very preterm infants. The use of nasal CPAP immediately after birth in preterm infants has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that faster rates of advancing feedings improve outcomes for low-birth-weight premature infants. The optimal rate of advancing feeds
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence of the benefit of surgical treatment over non-surgical treatment for calcaneal fractures. The current evidence is insufficient to draw a conclusion. The current
SUPPORTED. Nerve blocks help reduce pain after a hip fracture .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of low-dose corticosteroids in the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis has been supported by a large number of clinical studies. In the early stage
REFUTED. Cyclophosphamide is not recommended for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis due to its severe side effects and the availability of safer and more effective treatments .
SUPPORTED. There is evidence that common interventions are effective for treating shoulder pain.
SUPPORTED. Intratracheal administration of synthetic surfactant improves outcomes in premature newborns with respiratory distress syndrome .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
ENOUGH INFORMATION. Assertive Community Treatment (ACT) is effective in improving outcomes compared to standard community care, traditional hospital-based rehabilitation, and case management. ACT is a multidisciplinary team
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Crisis intervention is effective for treating serious mental illness during acute episodes. Crisis intervention is a short-term, time-limited intervention that is provided to individuals during a crisis. It is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Cyclosporine is not recommended for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis. However, there are no studies that have evaluated the short-term benefits of cyclospor
SUPPORTED. Carotid endarterectomy reduces the risk of stroke in patients with significant carotid stenosis .
SUPPORTED. (evidence) . Prophylactic administration of synthetic surfactant has been shown to reduce the need for mechanical ventilation and improve outcomes in preterm newborns at risk for respiratory distress syndrome
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that targeting body temperature improves outcomes for low birth weight infants in incubators. The optimal temperature for a preterm infant is not known
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of non-nutritive sucking in preterm infants to improve clinical outcomes. However, there is evidence that non-nutritive suck
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The effect of thyroid hormone therapy on outcomes in preterm infants without congenital hypothyroidism is unclear
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment for correcting hallux valgus. The choice of treatment depends on the severity of the deformity, patient's symptoms, and the patient'
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of patient education in reducing pain in adults with mechanical neck disorders.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. There is evidence that physical medicine modalities such as spinal manipulation, mobilization, and exercise are effective in reducing pain in adults with mechanical neck disorders.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Sulfasalazine is effective in reducing disease activity in rheumatoid arthritis. Sulfasalazine is a prodrug that is metabolized to
SUPPORTED. Methotrexate is effective for the short-term treatment of rheumatoid arthritis . Methotrexate is a disease-modifying antirheumatic drug
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) showed that prazosin was effective for treating Raynaud's phenomenon in s
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) of 120 patients with Raynaud's phenomenon in scler
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A randomized controlled trial (RCT) of ketanserin in patients with Raynaud's phenomenon in s
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Iloprost is effective in treating Raynaud's phenomenon in scleroderma. Iloprost is a prostacyclin analogue that is used to treat Raynaud
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium and vitamin D supplements to prevent bone loss in patients taking corticosteroids. However, there is evidence that these supplements
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of folate supplementation to reduce the side effects of Methotrexate in patients with Rheumatoid Arthritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the type of material used for umbilical arterial catheters affects the health outcomes in newborn infants. The current research has not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent meta-analysis of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best treatment for isolated fractures of the ulnar shaft in adults. The treatment of these fractures is challenging due to the complex anatomy of the distal ul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence that osteotomy is beneficial for treating extracapsular hip fractures. However, the use of osteotomy is increasing, and it is becoming a
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Regional anaesthesia is as effective as general anaesthesia for hip fracture surgery. Regional anaesthesia is a safe and effective alternative to general anaest
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence that injectable gold provides short-term benefits for patients with rheumatoid arthritis. In fact, there is no evidence that injectable gold provides any
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The systematic review by Kaczmarek et al.  included 11 studies on the effects of balneotherapy in patients with
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are effective for treating osteoarthritis of the hip. NSAIDs are a class of drugs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the use of vertebral artery percutaneous transluminal angioplasty in vertebrobasilar artery disease. The only randomized
EFFECTIVE:  (supported)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of natural surfactant extract has been shown to improve clinical outcomes in preterm newborns at risk for respiratory distress syndrome. A Cochrane review of 11
SUPPORTED. Prophylactic surfactant administration improves outcomes in premature infants at risk for respiratory distress syndrome .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the design of an umbilical arterial catheter affects the risk of complications in newborn infants. The design of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of heparin in fluids infused through an umbilical arterial catheter to reduce the risk of complications in new
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of nebulised epinephrine to reduce the need for extra respiratory support after extubation in neonates. The current
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the position of an umbilical arterial catheter affects the risk of complications in newborn infants. The current literature is not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) including 600 pre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that restricting water intake in premature infants reduces the risk of serious health issues. The current recommendation is to provide infants with an adequate
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . The effect of vitamin A supplementation on very low birthweight infants is not clear. A randomized controlled trial showed that vitamin A supplementation did not improve the growth of very
ENOUGH INFORMATION. EMLA cream is effective in reducing pain during circumcision in newborn males.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of volume expansion therapy in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid haemorrhage. However, there is a lack of high
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Kang et al.  compared the effects of synchronized and conventional mechanical ventilation on the incidence of pneum
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of shock absorbing insoles to prevent stress fractures in athletes and military personnel.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hospital-at-home services for acute stroke patients. The current research has shown mixed results regarding the effectiveness of hospital-at-home services
SUPPORTED. Early supported discharge services can reduce hospital stay for stroke patients .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. High frequency oscillatory ventilation (HFOV) is a form of mechanical ventilation that uses high frequency, low tidal volume ventilation. It was first used in the 19
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A study by Al-Mousawi et al.  compared the use of radiant warmers and incubators in the N
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that adding protein to human milk improves growth and neurodevelopment in preterm infants. However, there is evidence that protein intake is associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Speech and language therapy is effective for people with aphasia after a stroke. A systematic review of 13 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that speech and language therapy
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Inhaled nitric oxide improves oxygenation in hypoxemic newborn infants .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of nitric oxide donors or L-arginine in acute ischaemic stroke is not recommended. However,
REFUTED. NSAIDs are effective for treating non-specific low back pain. NSAIDs are effective for short-term pain relief in patients with acute low back pain. However, their long-term use is not
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of massage therapy to improve weight gain and discharge times for preterm infants. However, massage therapy is generally considered safe and can be used to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The current research does not provide sufficient evidence to support the benefits of supplementing infant formula with long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids for preterm infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Intercessory prayer is a complex intervention that can be defined as a form of religious support in which a person prays for the health of another person. The effectiveness of intercessory prayer as
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dietary supplements to improve growth and development in premature infants. However, there is some evidence that certain supplements may be beneficial for
SUPPORTED. (evidence) A systematic review of 34 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with 29,000 participants showed that multifactorial interventions reduced the rate of falls by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The sliding hip screw was the most commonly used implant for extramedullary fixation of hip fractures until the 1990s. However, due to the high incidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on the effectiveness of condylocephalic nails for treating extracapsular hip fractures in adults.
SUPPORTED. Operative treatment is more effective than conservative treatment for hip fractures .
SUPPORTED. Exercise therapy is effective for treating low back pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) Dynamic exercise therapy improves physical capacity in patients with rheumatoid arthritis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear best conservative treatment for distal radius fractures in adults. The choice of treatment depends on the type of fracture, the patient's needs, and the surgeon'
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2013  compared depot fluphenazine with oral fluphenazine
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Chlorpromazine is effective for treating schizophrenia compared to placebo . Chlorpromazine is a first-generation antipsychotic that was introduced in the 1950s
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium antagonists in patients with aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage. A systematic review of randomized controlled
SUPPORTED. (effective) Community mental health teams (CMHTs) are multidisciplinary teams that provide mental health services to people with serious mental illnesses in the community. The effectiveness of CMHTs in improving
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of beta-blockers as an add-on treatment for schizophrenia is not recommended by the guidelines. However
SUPPORTED. Vitamin D supplementation reduces the risk of fractures in elderly individuals with osteoporosis . Vitamin D supplementation is effective in preventing fractures in elderly individuals with osteoporosis .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that repeated CSF tapping reduces the risk of complications in neonates with post-hemorrhagic hydrocephalus.
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Thrombolytic therapy is safe and effective for patients with acute ischaemic stroke. Thrombolytic therapy is the standard of care for patients with acute ischaemic
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The use of non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) and corticosteroids can help relieve pain and inflammation in psoriatic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Theophylline is a xanthine alkaloid that acts as a non-selective phosphodiesterase inhibitor, increasing cAMP levels. Theophylline has
LABEL: SUPPORTED. . TENS and ALTENS have been shown to be effective in reducing pain in patients with chronic low back pain.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of cholinergic agents in the treatment of tardive dyskinesia. The use of cholinergic agents in the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of calcium-channel blockers in the treatment of tardive dyskinesia is not recommended. However, there
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of benzodiazepines in the treatment of tardive dyskinesia is not recommended due to the lack
REFUTED. There is no evidence that anticholinergic drugs are effective in treating neuroleptic-induced movement disorders. Anticholinergic drugs are not recommended for the treatment of neuroleptic-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The use of GABA agonist drugs in the treatment of tardive dyskinesia is not supported by clinical research
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Liu et al. 2019 1 found that there is no high-quality evidence to support
SUPPORTED. Stroke unit care is associated with improved outcomes for stroke patients compared to conventional care .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. (moderate) The use of low-dose corticosteroids is effective for treating rheumatoid arthritis in the short term. The Cochrane review of 20
SUPPORTED. Anticoagulants provide better protection against recurrent stroke than antiplatelet therapy in people with nonrheumatic atrial fibrillation. The use of anticoagulants in people
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Antiplatelet therapy is effective in preventing recurrent strokes in patients with nonrheumatic atrial fibrillation. The CHADS2 and CHA2DS2
SUPPORTED. Anticoagulants are effective for preventing recurrent strokes in patients with nonrheumatic atrial fibrillation. The use of anticoagulants in patients with nonvalvular
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The evidence is conflicting. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that prostacyclin treatment did
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pre-operative traction for hip fractures. A systematic review by Kwong et al.  found that the use of pre-
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review published in 2015 compared the outcomes of carotid patch angioplasty and traditional surgery for
SUPPORTED. (meta-analysis) Natural surfactant is more effective than synthetic surfactant for treating respiratory distress syndrome in premature infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether using nasal continuous positive airway pressure helps preterm infants stay off additional ventilatory support after extubation.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of multiple doses of natural surfactant extract in premature infants with respiratory distress syndrome. The current evidence is limited to one
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of methylxanthines for the weaning of preterm infants from mechanical ventilation. A Cochrane review in 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that performing carotid endarterectomy under local anaesthetic reduces perioperative risks compared to general anaesthetic. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
SUPPORTED. Coordinated multidisciplinary inpatient rehabilitation is effective in improving outcomes for older patients with hip fractures compared to usual care.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of haemodilution therapy in acute ischaemic stroke. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found no
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The clinical research on the effect of gangliosides in acute ischaemic stroke is limited and the results are inconsistent
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no evidence to support the superiority of cephalomedullary nails over extramedullary implants in the treatment of extracapsular hip fractures. The choice of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of fibrinogen depleting agents in acute ischaemic stroke. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is not enough information to support the effectiveness of family psychosocial interventions in reducing relapses in people with schizophrenia. However, there is evidence that family interventions
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no consensus on the effectiveness of replacement arthroplasty and internal fixation for treating extracapsular hip fractures. The choice of treatment depends on the patient's age
SUPPORTED. (moderate). Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for schizophrenia. ECT is effective in reducing the symptoms of schizophrenia, including positive and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clear evidence in the literature that the use of synthetic material is more effective than the use of venous material in carotid patch angioplasty. The choice of material depends
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current guidelines do not recommend the use of corticosteroids in the treatment of acute ischaemic stroke. However, the
SUPPORTED. (clozapine is more effective than typical antipsychotic drugs for treating schizophrenia). Clozapine is a second-generation antipsychotic drug that is more effective
SUPPORTED. Case management is a type of community-based care that has been shown to be effective in improving the quality of life and reducing hospitalization rates for people with severe mental illness (SMI) in the community . Case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of antipsychotic medication for the treatment
SUPPORTED. Antiplatelet therapy improves outcomes in patients with acute ischaemic stroke. Antiplatelet therapy is the standard of care in the treatment of acute ischaemic stroke. Antiplatelet
SUPPORTED. Anticoagulant therapy is effective in preventing recurrent stroke in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation (AF) and a history of ischaemic stroke or transient ischa
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of ankle supports to prevent sprains in active individuals. A systematic review of randomized controlled trials found no evidence that ankle braces or supports
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the effect of providing mothers with commercial discharge packs containing formula on exclusive breastfeeding rates.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous midazolam as a sedative in critically ill neonates in intensive care. The current literature is limited to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The position a woman chooses during labor does not affect the outcomes of childbirth. However, the position a woman chooses during labor may affect her level of satisfaction with the birth experience.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the clinical intervention for suspected placenta praevia. However, the clinical intervention for suspected placenta praevia is not recommended in the current guidelines.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the elective delivery of pregnant women with diabetes compared to expectant management. The current research has shown that the elective delivery of pregnant women with diabetes is associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. The use of inhaled corticosteroids in preterm infants to prevent chronic lung disease is not supported by the current clinical research. However, there is insufficient evidence to refute
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of distal diuretics in preterm infants with chronic lung disease. A Cochrane review published in 2019 included
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of plasma volume expansion in women with pre-eclampsia. The current research has not provided enough information to support the use of plasma volume expansion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of aerosolized diuretics in preterm infants with chronic lung disease. A Cochrane review published in 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The role of oestrogens and progestogens in postnatal depression is not clear. Some studies suggest that hormonal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that altering dietary salt intake during pregnancy affects the risk of pre-eclampsia. The current research has not provided sufficient evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of treatment to prevent congenital toxoplasmosis. The risk of congenital toxoplasmosis can be reduced by
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Glutamine is a conditionally essential amino acid that plays a crucial role in maintaining gut integrity and immune function in critically ill patients. Preterm infants are at high risk of gl
SUPPORTED. Early selective surfactant therapy reduces the risk of complications in newborns with respiratory distress .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Diuretics are not routinely given to preterm infants with respiratory distress syndrome. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of diuret
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of loop diuretics in preterm infants with chronic lung disease. However, there is also insufficient evidence to refute the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of routine Doppler ultrasound in low risk pregnancies. The current research has not provided enough information to support the use of routine Doppler ul
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Antihypertensive drugs effectively lower blood pressure during pregnancy. Hypertension during pregnancy is associated with adverse maternal and fetal outcomes. Antihypertensive drugs are used to
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Oral misoprostol is effective for inducing labor in women with a viable fetus. The use of misoprostol for cervical ripening and labor induction is
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2018  compared the effects of dopamine and dobutamine on preterm inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anticonvulsants in infants after perinatal asphyxia to prevent death or severe neurodevelopmental disability. However,
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . Intravenous immunoglobulin (IVIG) is a blood product that contains antibodies against a wide range of pathogens. It is used to treat a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different opioids are effective for pain relief during labor. The current research has not provided enough information to support or refute this question.
SUPPORTED. Applying emollient ointment to preterm infants helps reduce skin issues and infections. Emollient therapy has been shown to reduce the incidence of skin issues and infections in preterm inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Postnatal corticosteroid treatment is beneficial for preventing chronic lung disease in preterm infants.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of dietary supplements of fiber to relieve constipation in pregnancy. However, the use of fiber supplements is generally considered safe during pregnancy
SUPPORTED. Breastfeeding support interventions increase the rates of mothers breastfeeding their babies .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether one antibiotic regimen is more effective in reducing infections after cesarean section than another. The Cochrane review of prophylactic
SUPPORTED. Iron and folate supplementation is recommended for pregnant women to prevent anemia and other adverse pregnancy outcomes . The World Health Organization recommends daily iron supplementation of 27 mg and 400
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of digoxin in the treatment of infants with respiratory distress syndrome. The use of digoxin in this population is not recommended due
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that early weaning from supplementary oxygen improves outcomes in preterm or low birth weight infants. The current research has not provided sufficient evidence to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether the method of discontinuing supplemental oxygen in preterm or low birth weight infants affects their health outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Theophylline is a bronchodilator that has been used to treat apnea in preterm infants. Continuous positive airway pressure (CPAP) is the standard treatment for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antenatal cardiotocography for improving perinatal and maternal outcomes. The use of cardiotocography during pregnancy is not associated with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Operative management for fetal distress improves outcomes for mothers and babies compared to conservative management .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of piracetam for fetal distress during labor. The use of piracetam for fetal distress during labor is not recommended.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of a hands and knees maternal posture in late pregnancy to improve fetal position during labor. The current research has not been able to provide a
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic abdominal decompression in pregnancies affected by pre-eclampsia. The current literature is limited to case reports
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether antibiotics are effective in improving outcomes for women with preterm prelabour rupture of membranes. The Cochrane review by Caug
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical cord care in newborns to prevent umbilical cord infection. The World Health Organization recommends no routine cord care for new
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The evidence suggests that folic acid supplementation before pregnancy and in the early weeks of pregnancy can prevent most NTDs . The evidence also suggests that folic acid supplementation in the pericon
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Smoking cessation programs during pregnancy have been shown to improve fetal and infant health by reducing the risk of low birth weight, preterm birth, and sudden infant death syndrome (SIDS
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that the type of suture technique used in perineal repair affects postpartum pain levels. The current research does not provide enough information to support
SUPPORTED. (evidence). The current research supports the fact that professional and social support can help in treating postpartum depression. A systematic review of 12 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) found that inter
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Symphysis-fundal height measurement is a method used to assess fetal weight and growth during pregnancy. However, its accuracy and reliability have been questioned. There is currently insufficient evidence
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of amnioinfusion in preterm rupture of membranes. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. (The current evidence suggests that misoprostol is effective in inducing labor.)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of magnesium maintenance therapy to prevent preterm birth after threatened preterm labour. The Cochrane review by Chan et al. (2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether induction of labor for suspected fetal macrosomia reduces maternal or neonatal morbidity. The current evidence is insufficient to
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Magnesium is an important cofactor for more than 300 enzymatic reactions and plays a role in many physiological processes. Magnesium is involved in the regulation of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of specific criteria for diagnosing active labour. The criteria used to diagnose active labour vary widely between studies and there is no consensus on a standard definition
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the statement that teaching pregnant women to recognize active labour criteria can help improve their confidence and reduce anxiety.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to answer this question. A Cochrane review published in 2019  compared the effects of fewer antenatal care visits with standard antenatal care on per
SUPPORTED. (evidence) The use of prophylactic antibiotics in women undergoing Cesarean delivery reduces the risk of infection. The use of prophylactic antibiotics in women undergoing Ces
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inhaled nitric oxide is not recommended for routine use in preterm newborns with hypoxic respiratory failure. However, it may be considered in selected cases with pul
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the routine use of endotrache
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review in 2018  included 10 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of therapeutic ultrasound for the treatment of perineal pain after childbirth. However, there is some evidence that it may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Prostaglandins are not used for prophylaxis in the third stage of labour. They are used for the treatment of uterine atony after the third stage of labour.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antiplatelet agents in the prevention of pre-eclampsia in at-risk women. The current evidence is based on small
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support or refute the use of single dose antibiotic
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of psychological support or counselling after perinatal death. However, there is evidence that psychological support or counselling after perinatal death may benefit
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of membrane sweeping to promote or induce labour with significant benefits for mothers and babies. The Cochrane review on membrane sweeping for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of soft vacuum extractor cups compared to rigid cups for difficult deliveries. The Cochrane review by Kamarupa et al. (2
RATIONALE: Necrotising enterocolitis (NEC) is a common gastrointestinal disease in premature infants, and it is a major cause of morbidity and mortality in neonatal int
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of kinesthetic stimulation to reduce apnea and bradycardia in preterm infants. However, kinesthetic stimulation has been
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Inositol supplementation is not recommended for preterm infants with RDS. However, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of inositol supplementation in pre
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous immunoglobulin to prevent nosocomial infections in preterm or low birth weight infants. A Cochr
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of supplemental fat in human milk to improve growth and neurodevelopment in preterm infants. The current research has not provided enough information to support
SUPPORTED. Epidural analgesia is effective in reducing pain during labor .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is not enough evidence to determine whether the use of enemas during the first stage
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2019  included 10 RCTs with 1002 inf
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of intravenous corticosteroids to reduce the need for reintubation in newborns after removing their endotracheal tub
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the addition of carbohydrate supplements to human milk to improve growth and neurodevelopment in preterm infants. The current research has shown
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2011  compared caffeine with theophylline for the treatment of ap
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether treating bacterial vaginosis in pregnant women reduces the risk of preterm birth. The Cochrane systematic review published in 201
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Vitamin K is given to pregnant women to prevent bleeding in their infants. However, there is no evidence that vitamin K given to pregnant women at risk of preterm birth helps prevent brain
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin D supplementation to improve pregnancy outcomes. However, vitamin D deficiency is associated with adverse pregnancy outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical imidazole over nystatin for treating vaginal candidiasis in pregnancy. A Cochrane review published in 2
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vacuum extraction over forceps for assisted delivery. The choice of instrument should be based on the individual circumstances of each case and the skill and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that treatment for trichomoniasis during pregnancy improves pregnancy outcomes. However, there is evidence that trichomoniasis during pregnancy is associated
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. (lack of evidence)
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of programs providing extra social support for pregnant women in reducing low birthweight or preterm births. However, there is some evidence that social support programs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tocolysis prior to external cephalic version at term. The use of tocolysis prior to external cephalic version at
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Folate supplementation during pregnancy is recommended to prevent neural tube defects in the fetus. However, there is insufficient evidence to support the role of folate supplementation in improving blood health
SUPPORTED: (Yes) . Ultrasound examination in early pregnancy is effective in the detection of multiple pregnancies and fetal malformations. The use of ultrasound in early pregnancy has been shown to reduce the inc
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Regular aerobic exercise during pregnancy improves physical fitness and pregnancy outcomes. Exercise during pregnancy has been shown to improve maternal physical fitness, reduce the risk of gestational diabetes, and reduce
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of vitamin B6 supplementation during pregnancy. However, there is some evidence that vitamin B6 supplementation may be beneficial for the treatment of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether inducing labor with prostaglandins reduces the risk of maternal infection compared to expectant management. The current research has not provided enough information to support
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic amnioinfusion for oligohydramnios. The use of prophylactic amnioinfusion
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current research has shown that the effect of intravenous fluid preloading before epidural analgesia on maternal and fetal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of prophylactic indomethacin in low birth weight infants to reduce mortality and morbidity. The use of ind
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of interventions to manage post-term pregnancy. The optimal management of post-term pregnancy remains controversial. The current evidence is insufficient to determine whether
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
REFUTED. There is no evidence that planned caesarean section for breech presentation improves pregnancy outcomes. The evidence suggests that planned caesarean section for breech presentation is associated with increased risk of maternal and
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of phenobarbital to prevent brain damage in infants born preterm. The use of phenobarbital to prevent brain damage in infants
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question. The current literature is not sufficient to answer this question. The
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of pelvimetry to determine the method of delivery and maternal or perinatal outcomes. Pelvimetry is not recommended to predict the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether inducing labor with prostaglandins is safer than using oxytocin for women with prelabour rupture of membranes at
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether inducing labor with prostaglandins is safer than using oxytocin. The safety of induction of labor with prostaglandins is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether inducing labor with oxytocin reduces the risk of infection compared to waiting for labor to start naturally.
SUPPORTED. Oxytocin is a hormone that plays a key role in the initiation and maintenance of lactation. It is commonly used to stimulate milk production in women who are unable to produce enough milk
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that advising pregnant women to increase their energy and protein intakes improves pregnancy outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific treatment for nausea and vomiting in early pregnancy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of maternal oxygen therapy in cases of suspected impaired fetal growth. The use of oxygen therapy in pregnant women with suspected impaired fetal growth
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that oxygen administration during labor improves perinatal outcomes . However
SUPPORTED. Iodine supplementation during pregnancy reduces the risk of intellectual impairment in iodine-deficient areas .
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the hypothesis that maternal hydration increases amniotic fluid volume during pregnancy. The current research has not provided enough information to support this question.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antigen avoidance diet during pregnancy to reduce the risk of atopic disease in children. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current evidence is not sufficient to support the use of antigen avoidance diets during lactation to reduce the risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on the topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of magnesium sulphate for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the use of magnesium sulphate for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of any specific treatment for leg cramps in pregnancy.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of isocaloric protein supplements in pregnant women. The current research has not provided enough information to support the use of isocaloric protein supplement
SUPPORTED. Iron supplementation during pregnancy is associated with a reduced risk of anemia, low birth weight, and preterm birth . However, there is insufficient evidence to support the use of iron supplementation in reducing the
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Fetal electrocardiography (ECG) is a method of monitoring fetal heart rate (FHR) that is used in conjunction with cardiotocography (CTG).
SUPPORTED. (evidence) Intrapartum antibiotic treatment for women colonized with group B streptococcus reduces the risk of neonatal infection. The use of intrapartum antibi
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether different instruments for chorionic villus sampling affect perinatal outcomes and procedural success.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the effectiveness of a structured training program to help exclusively breastfed infants sleep through the night by eight weeks old.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Immersion in water during labor has beneficial effects on maternal and neonatal outcomes. Immersion in water during labor can reduce the need for pharmacological analgesia, the length of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. . There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. A Cochrane review published in 2016 found that there was insufficient evidence to determine whether bed rest in hospital
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of hormone administration to improve fetal growth and perinatal outcomes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of measuring placental hormone levels in high risk pregnancies.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of high-protein nutritional supplements to improve pregnancy outcomes. However, there is some evidence that high-protein diets may be
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether high frequency oscillatory ventilation reduces the risk of chronic lung disease in preterm infants compared to conventional ventilation.
SUPPORTED. Antiretroviral therapy (ART) for HIV-infected pregnant women and infants, with or without ART for the infant, reduces the risk of mother-to-child transmission of HIV.
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine the effectiveness of antibiotic regimens in treating gonorrhoea during pregnancy. The current treatment guidelines for gonorrhoea are based on
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. However, there is evidence that frequent breastfeeding in the early days after birth leads to better outcomes for mothers.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence to support the exteriorisation of the uterus during caes
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of external cephalic version before term to improve pregnancy outcomes. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case series. A randomized controlled
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of external cephalic version at term to improve pregnancy outcomes. The current evidence is limited to case series and case reports. A Cochrane
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the expedited vaginal delivery of breech births. The optimal mode of delivery for breech births remains controversial. The current evidence suggests that planned ces
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Episiotomy is associated with an increased risk of perineal trauma, postpartum hemorrhage, and perineal pain. There is no evidence that episiotomy is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research. The current research does not support or refute the hypothesis.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of transcutaneous electrostimulation to promote fetal growth in cases of suspected placental insufficiency. The current research on this topic is
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to determine whether elective caesarean delivery improves outcomes for women in preterm labour compared to selective caesarean delivery.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research comparing the effectiveness of doxapram and theophylline for the treatment of apnea in preterm infants. Theophylline is not recommended for the
SUPPORTED. Doxapram is a respiratory stimulant that has been used to treat apnea in preterm infants. Several studies have shown that doxapram is effective in reducing the frequency of ap
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Doppler ultrasound is a useful tool for the assessment of fetal well-being and placental function in high-risk pregnancies. However, the use of Doppler ultras
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of primary dietary therapy for women with gestational diabetes.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of topical treatments to prevent stretch marks during pregnancy.
SUPPORTED. (evidence from clinical trials) Corticosteroids are the standard treatment for women at risk of preterm delivery before 34 weeks of gestation to improve fetal lung maturity and reduce the risk of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of continuous electronic fetal monitoring during labor to reduce the risk of neonatal seizures. The current evidence is conflicting and does not provide clear
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Continuity of care during pregnancy and childbirth is a complex concept that includes different aspects of care, such as continuity of provider, place, and system. The definition of continuity of
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to determine whether antibiotics are effective in treating Chlamydia trachomatis infections during pregnancy to reduce risks for mothers and newborns.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the association between maternal posture and the outcomes of breech presentation in pregnancy. However, the current research suggests that breech presentation is associated with maternal
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of calcium channel blockers to improve fetal growth in pregnancies with suspected impairment. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The choice of delivery mode for a second twin not presenting cephalically is controversial. Some studies suggest that caesarean delivery
SUPPORTED. Breastfeeding soon after birth improves breastfeeding duration and mother-infant relationship compared to later breastfeeding. Early initiation of breastfeeding is associated with increased likelihood of breastfeeding for
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of routine blood transfusions to reduce pregnancy complications for women with sickle cell disease.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: . There is insufficient evidence to support the use of biophysical profile tests in high risk pregnancies to improve pregnancy outcomes. The biophysical profile test is a non-in
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of betamimetic drugs to improve fetal growth in cases of suspected impairment. However, there is evidence that betamimetic drugs
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of tocolytic therapy for fetal distress. The use of tocolytic therapy for fetal distress is not recommended in the current literature
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of balanced protein/energy supplementation during pregnancy to improve fetal growth and reduce risks associated with pregnancy. However, there is evidence that protein supplementation
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of anticonvulsants in women with pre-eclampsia. The use of anticonvulsants in women with pre-e
SUPPORTED. (evidence). Anti-D immunoglobulin given to RhD negative women after childbirth reduces the risk of RhD alloimmunisation. The risk of RhD alloimm
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Anti-D immunoglobulin is effective in preventing RhD alloimmunisation in Rh-negative mothers. The first clinical trial of anti-D immunoglob
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of thyrotropin-releasing hormone in addition to corticosteroids for very preterm births. The use of thyrot
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. The Cochrane review on this topic concluded that there is no evidence that amniotomy before pushing reduces the rate of cesare
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence to support the use of amnioinfusion in cases of meconium-stained amniotic fluid. The current evidence is limited to case reports and case series
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. Amnioinfusion is the infusion of fluid into the amniotic sac during labor. It is used to increase the volume of amniotic fluid, which can be low in some pregn
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
LABEL: SUPPORTED. Active management of the third stage of labour is better than expectant management for reducing blood loss and complications. Active management of the third stage of labour is associated with a reduced risk of postpart
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for this question in current research. A systematic review by Cochrane in 2019 showed that there was no difference in pain scores between absorbable and non
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is no clinical research on this topic. The use of a stapler with absorbable staples during a caesarean section is not supported by clinical evidence.
NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION: There is insufficient evidence to support the use of antenatal abdominal decompression for women with hypertension or impaired fetal growth. There is a lack of randomized controlled trials
LABEL: NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION. There is insufficient evidence for the question in current research.
